What's up guys and welcome back. In this What's up guys and welcome back. In this What's up guys and welcome back. In this video, I'm going to discuss with you a video, I'm going to discuss with you a video, I'm going to discuss with you a very interesting topic, which is how to very interesting topic, which is how to very interesting topic, which is how to price your AI solutions. One of the most price your AI solutions. One of the most price your AI solutions. One of the most reoccurring comments that I keep getting reoccurring comments that I keep getting reoccurring comments that I keep getting on my YouTube videos is how to price on my YouTube videos is how to price on my YouTube videos is how to price your AI solutions. How much does an AI your AI solutions. How much does an AI your AI solutions. How much does an AI agent cost? How should I price? How agent cost? How should I price? How agent cost? How should I price? How should I figure out my pricing strategy? should I figure out my pricing strategy? should I figure out my pricing strategy? And also in one of my previous videos, And also in one of my previous videos, And also in one of my previous videos, we went through the different we went through the different we went through the different conversations that people are asking my conversations that people are asking my conversations that people are asking my chatbot. And one of the most common chatbot. And one of the most common chatbot. And one of the most common theme was the pricing theme. Everybody theme was the pricing theme. Everybody theme was the pricing theme. Everybody um from a business owner perspective, um from a business owner perspective, um from a business owner perspective, they want to know how much does it cost they want to know how much does it cost they want to know how much does it cost to innovate your business with AI? to innovate your business with AI? to innovate your business with AI? Whether it's an AI agent, it's a Whether it's an AI agent, it's a Whether it's an AI agent, it's a chatbot, some sort of automation, people chatbot, some sort of automation, people chatbot, some sort of automation, people are always interested about the price. are always interested about the price. are always interested about the price. In this video, we're going to be In this video, we're going to be In this video, we're going to be discussing two things. The first part discussing two things. The first part discussing two things. The first part would be how to price your AI services. would be how to price your AI services. would be how to price your AI services. Let's say you're an AI development Let's say you're an AI development Let's say you're an AI development agency similar to me. How would you agency similar to me. How would you agency similar to me. How would you approach the topic of pricing? because approach the topic of pricing? because approach the topic of pricing? because it could be very difficult especially in it could be very difficult especially in it could be very difficult especially in this area which is I'm going to this area which is I'm going to this area which is I'm going to highlight why is it specifically highlight why is it specifically highlight why is it specifically difficult to price AI solutions and on difficult to price AI solutions and on difficult to price AI solutions and on the other hand from the business the other hand from the business the other hand from the business perspective how much does a standard AI perspective how much does a standard AI perspective how much does a standard AI solution cost I'm going to share with solution cost I'm going to share with solution cost I'm going to share with you what things I have been selling and you what things I have been selling and you what things I have been selling and what things and prices I keep hearing what things and prices I keep hearing what things and prices I keep hearing when I talk to other AI development when I talk to other AI development when I talk to other AI development agency owners and hopefully that would agency owners and hopefully that would agency owners and hopefully that would give you more insights into what it's give you more insights into what it's give you more insights into what it's going to take if you want to innovate going to take if you want to innovate going to take if you want to innovate your business with AI. If you're here your business with AI. If you're here your business with AI. If you're here for the first time, my name is Surup. I for the first time, my name is Surup. I for the first time, my name is Surup. I have an AI development agency called have an AI development agency called have an AI development agency called Neuronics. And over the past year, I've Neuronics. And over the past year, I've Neuronics. And over the past year, I've been trying to build AI solutions and been trying to build AI solutions and been trying to build AI solutions and selling them. And over the past month, selling them. And over the past month, selling them. And over the past month, I've been trying to share my experience I've been trying to share my experience I've been trying to share my experience here on YouTube. I think a lot of you here on YouTube. I think a lot of you here on YouTube. I think a lot of you appreciated the transparency and the appreciated the transparency and the appreciated the transparency and the honesty of exactly showing you what is honesty of exactly showing you what is honesty of exactly showing you what is actually happening in the real world, actually happening in the real world, actually happening in the real world, what solutions are being sold, and how what solutions are being sold, and how what solutions are being sold, and how much were they sold for. So, I believe much were they sold for. So, I believe much were they sold for. So, I believe this video is super valuable, and if you this video is super valuable, and if you this video is super valuable, and if you enjoy it or get some value of it, I enjoy it or get some value of it, I enjoy it or get some value of it, I appreciate a like and a comment. I try appreciate a like and a comment. I try appreciate a like and a comment. I try to answer all the comments as much as to answer all the comments as much as to answer all the comments as much as possible, but because I'm getting a lot possible, but because I'm getting a lot possible, but because I'm getting a lot of comments, it's it's getting difficult of comments, it's it's getting difficult of comments, it's it's getting difficult to answer everybody. So, I'm really to answer everybody. So, I'm really to answer everybody. So, I'm really sorry if I miss you. If you would like sorry if I miss you. If you would like sorry if I miss you. If you would like to work with me and my agency, make sure to work with me and my agency, make sure to work with me and my agency, make sure to check out my website and book an to check out my website and book an to check out my website and book an appointment. With that being said, let's appointment. With that being said, let's appointment. With that being said, let's have a look into the topic of pricing. have a look into the topic of pricing. have a look into the topic of pricing. The topic of pricing in AI is definitely The topic of pricing in AI is definitely The topic of pricing in AI is definitely difficult for me because of the novelty difficult for me because of the novelty difficult for me because of the novelty in the solutions. So in traditional in the solutions. So in traditional in the solutions. So in traditional software development you have a very software development you have a very software development you have a very standard problem like let's say you want standard problem like let's say you want standard problem like let's say you want to build a platform you want to connect to build a platform you want to connect to build a platform you want to connect one data to another so APIs you would one data to another so APIs you would one data to another so APIs you would end up having some sort of platform you end up having some sort of platform you end up having some sort of platform you know roughly how much it takes to build know roughly how much it takes to build know roughly how much it takes to build an app how much it takes to deploy this an app how much it takes to deploy this an app how much it takes to deploy this app maybe add some security layer have app maybe add some security layer have app maybe add some security layer have some Q&amp;A testing then you can come up some Q&amp;A testing then you can come up some Q&amp;A testing then you can come up with maybe an hourly estimate and then with maybe an hourly estimate and then with maybe an hourly estimate and then depending on how much you want to charge depending on how much you want to charge depending on how much you want to charge so from an agency perspective you either so from an agency perspective you either so from an agency perspective you either doing the work yourself so you would pay doing the work yourself so you would pay doing the work yourself so you would pay yourself an hourly rate or you're paying yourself an hourly rate or you're paying yourself an hourly rate or you're paying some other developer. So you need to pay some other developer. So you need to pay some other developer. So you need to pay that cost and then maybe multiply it by that cost and then maybe multiply it by that cost and then maybe multiply it by two which is the usual case or some two which is the usual case or some two which is the usual case or some people do like by 50% just to add some people do like by 50% just to add some people do like by 50% just to add some margin and profit to the agency so your margin and profit to the agency so your margin and profit to the agency so your business makes sense. If you've been business makes sense. If you've been business makes sense. If you've been running an agency for some time you know running an agency for some time you know running an agency for some time you know that the most common pattern is the ups that the most common pattern is the ups that the most common pattern is the ups and downs. One months you have so many and downs. One months you have so many and downs. One months you have so many clients and you literally cannot even go clients and you literally cannot even go clients and you literally cannot even go outside and meet your friends and other outside and meet your friends and other outside and meet your friends and other months it's like a desert. you're just months it's like a desert. you're just months it's like a desert. you're just sitting there focusing on marketing or sitting there focusing on marketing or sitting there focusing on marketing or content or you're trying to reach out to content or you're trying to reach out to content or you're trying to reach out to people. And at least this was my people. And at least this was my people. And at least this was my experience. I know other successful experience. I know other successful experience. I know other successful agency owners, they have like a very agency owners, they have like a very agency owners, they have like a very consistent flow or usually they land consistent flow or usually they land consistent flow or usually they land bigger clients that they require bigger clients that they require bigger clients that they require development that is steady over a longer development that is steady over a longer development that is steady over a longer period of time which makes the work much period of time which makes the work much period of time which makes the work much easier. The difference between a easier. The difference between a easier. The difference between a traditional software development and traditional software development and traditional software development and this AI development is this risk factor this AI development is this risk factor this AI development is this risk factor that the projects are very novel and that the projects are very novel and that the projects are very novel and experimental in in nature. Let's say experimental in in nature. Let's say experimental in in nature. Let's say somebody come at you with an idea for somebody come at you with an idea for somebody come at you with an idea for generating a proposal. There's a lot of generating a proposal. There's a lot of generating a proposal. There's a lot of projects right now. I got definitely projects right now. I got definitely projects right now. I got definitely like maybe two to three project requests like maybe two to three project requests like maybe two to three project requests and the main concept is people want to and the main concept is people want to and the main concept is people want to build custom proposals. Let's say you're build custom proposals. Let's say you're build custom proposals. Let's say you're a construction company that have this a construction company that have this a construction company that have this very specific format of writing a job very specific format of writing a job very specific format of writing a job proposal depending on a request for proposal depending on a request for proposal depending on a request for work. These proposals are maybe like 10 work. These proposals are maybe like 10 work. These proposals are maybe like 10 pages length and they write very pages length and they write very pages length and they write very specific information. What goes into it? specific information. What goes into it? specific information. What goes into it? What skill set do you need? So you need What skill set do you need? So you need What skill set do you need? So you need to also search for people and people to also search for people and people to also search for people and people usually take around maybe week to two usually take around maybe week to two usually take around maybe week to two weeks of actual human labor to generate weeks of actual human labor to generate weeks of actual human labor to generate these kind of reports. And now there's these kind of reports. And now there's these kind of reports. And now there's new ideas of okay, how about we can use new ideas of okay, how about we can use new ideas of okay, how about we can use AI to generate these proposals on a AI to generate these proposals on a AI to generate these proposals on a scale. So we can reduce the time that we scale. So we can reduce the time that we scale. So we can reduce the time that we send a proposal to like let's say a send a proposal to like let's say a send a proposal to like let's say a government agency or something like government agency or something like government agency or something like that. And with that these construction that. And with that these construction that. And with that these construction companies can win the proposals quicker companies can win the proposals quicker companies can win the proposals quicker because they applied much quicker. Let's because they applied much quicker. Let's because they applied much quicker. Let's say you get such a request. What what's say you get such a request. What what's say you get such a request. What what's the first thing you can do? Like let's the first thing you can do? Like let's the first thing you can do? Like let's say especially if you haven't done such say especially if you haven't done such say especially if you haven't done such a project in the past, there's a lot of a project in the past, there's a lot of a project in the past, there's a lot of unknowns. You don't know even how the unknowns. You don't know even how the unknowns. You don't know even how the data looks like. You don't know if the data looks like. You don't know if the data looks like. You don't know if the result is going to look good. I know you result is going to look good. I know you result is going to look good. I know you can maybe build a prototype maybe in I can maybe build a prototype maybe in I can maybe build a prototype maybe in I don't know three four hours that can don't know three four hours that can don't know three four hours that can generate such a proposal put it in generate such a proposal put it in generate such a proposal put it in Google doc so this is no longer the Google doc so this is no longer the Google doc so this is no longer the problem I think everybody now recognize problem I think everybody now recognize problem I think everybody now recognize that yes you can build something really that yes you can build something really that yes you can build something really quick with N8N but then can it actually quick with N8N but then can it actually quick with N8N but then can it actually work is this enough to be able to win a work is this enough to be able to win a work is this enough to be able to win a proposal is it enough that the wording proposal is it enough that the wording proposal is it enough that the wording sounds nice grammar sounds good there's sounds nice grammar sounds good there's sounds nice grammar sounds good there's no these weird artifacts where the no these weird artifacts where the no these weird artifacts where the formatting is wrong all these kind of formatting is wrong all these kind of formatting is wrong all these kind of stuff and you as a developer or an stuff and you as a developer or an stuff and you as a developer or an agency when you receive such a project agency when you receive such a project agency when you receive such a project it's really difficult to say hey is this it's really difficult to say hey is this it's really difficult to say hey is this going to be 20 hours of work or 50 hours going to be 20 hours of work or 50 hours going to be 20 hours of work or 50 hours of work or 100 hours of work before you of work or 100 hours of work before you of work or 100 hours of work before you start experimenting and that's why I start experimenting and that's why I start experimenting and that's why I think it's a very challenging thing to think it's a very challenging thing to think it's a very challenging thing to put the price tag on the AI development put the price tag on the AI development put the price tag on the AI development and that's why people keep asking like and that's why people keep asking like and that's why people keep asking like how much are you charging for your how much are you charging for your how much are you charging for your services do we charge purely hourly rate services do we charge purely hourly rate services do we charge purely hourly rate which makes some clients nervous I had a which makes some clients nervous I had a which makes some clients nervous I had a recently a client who said like hey I recently a client who said like hey I recently a client who said like hey I want to pay you fairly just hourly rates want to pay you fairly just hourly rates want to pay you fairly just hourly rates freak me out because we don't know how freak me out because we don't know how freak me out because we don't know how much or how long this is going to take. much or how long this is going to take. much or how long this is going to take. So how can you minimize my risk and then So how can you minimize my risk and then So how can you minimize my risk and then if you receive such a request how can if you receive such a request how can if you receive such a request how can you say something to the person to the you say something to the person to the you say something to the person to the client so you don't lose them but at the client so you don't lose them but at the client so you don't lose them but at the same time you don't lose yourself and same time you don't lose yourself and same time you don't lose yourself and you don't lose maybe money paying you don't lose maybe money paying you don't lose maybe money paying developers a fixed price while they are developers a fixed price while they are developers a fixed price while they are working for so much longer. This is working for so much longer. This is working for so much longer. This is where it gets really tricky. It becomes where it gets really tricky. It becomes where it gets really tricky. It becomes really difficult to give really good really difficult to give really good really difficult to give really good estimates and then actually delivering estimates and then actually delivering estimates and then actually delivering work within these estimates. From what work within these estimates. From what work within these estimates. From what I've seen so far in AI development, two I've seen so far in AI development, two I've seen so far in AI development, two types of projects. The one type is you types of projects. The one type is you types of projects. The one type is you get something that you've done before, get something that you've done before, get something that you've done before, you know, works. Let's say for example, you know, works. Let's say for example, you know, works. Let's say for example, for me, it's some sort of an outreach for me, it's some sort of an outreach for me, it's some sort of an outreach automation personalized, whether it's on automation personalized, whether it's on automation personalized, whether it's on LinkedIn or on Gmail or whatever. And LinkedIn or on Gmail or whatever. And LinkedIn or on Gmail or whatever. And you know, like, okay, I have some code you know, like, okay, I have some code you know, like, okay, I have some code that I've done that I can maybe that I've done that I can maybe that I've done that I can maybe repackage or reuse that would accelerate repackage or reuse that would accelerate repackage or reuse that would accelerate this process. You think, oh my god, this process. You think, oh my god, this process. You think, oh my god, yeah, I can do this in 10 hours, 20 yeah, I can do this in 10 hours, 20 yeah, I can do this in 10 hours, 20 hours. And then you say, "Okay, then for hours. And then you say, "Okay, then for hours. And then you say, "Okay, then for this 20 hours, I want to charge you, I this 20 hours, I want to charge you, I this 20 hours, I want to charge you, I don't know, let's say you charge 鈧?00 or don't know, let's say you charge 鈧?00 or don't know, let's say you charge 鈧?00 or 鈧?0 an hour. I want to charge you this 鈧?0 an hour. I want to charge you this 鈧?0 an hour. I want to charge you this amount." When I tried to do this, I amount." When I tried to do this, I amount." When I tried to do this, I realized like it's never that easy. It's realized like it's never that easy. It's realized like it's never that easy. It's never this easy because every client has never this easy because every client has never this easy because every client has a very specific need. And at least in my a very specific need. And at least in my a very specific need. And at least in my client, they wanted to integrate this client, they wanted to integrate this client, they wanted to integrate this outreach in a very specific CRM that I outreach in a very specific CRM that I outreach in a very specific CRM that I haven't worked with before. And you had haven't worked with before. And you had haven't worked with before. And you had to learn the documentation. Once you to learn the documentation. Once you to learn the documentation. Once you started doing the work, you realize it's started doing the work, you realize it's started doing the work, you realize it's not as easy as just connecting a CRM. not as easy as just connecting a CRM. not as easy as just connecting a CRM. you need to also maybe contact the you need to also maybe contact the you need to also maybe contact the support to be able to have access to support to be able to have access to support to be able to have access to their APIs because not all CRM have their APIs because not all CRM have their APIs because not all CRM have openly accessible APIs and you can just openly accessible APIs and you can just openly accessible APIs and you can just start quering them or just connect like start quering them or just connect like start quering them or just connect like just put an API key and that's it. just put an API key and that's it. just put an API key and that's it. That's maybe 40 30% of the apps out That's maybe 40 30% of the apps out That's maybe 40 30% of the apps out there, but there's maybe 60% of apps there, but there's maybe 60% of apps there, but there's maybe 60% of apps that are such a pain to connect with. that are such a pain to connect with. that are such a pain to connect with. And it takes such a long period to be And it takes such a long period to be And it takes such a long period to be able to just query this in in form of an able to just query this in in form of an able to just query this in in form of an API call. And these kind of stuff you API call. And these kind of stuff you API call. And these kind of stuff you don't notice until you start developing don't notice until you start developing don't notice until you start developing and then you reach a bottleneck or you and then you reach a bottleneck or you and then you reach a bottleneck or you reach like a hurdle and you're like, oh, reach like a hurdle and you're like, oh, reach like a hurdle and you're like, oh, okay, we just spend 20 hours doing okay, we just spend 20 hours doing okay, we just spend 20 hours doing things that we thought the whole project things that we thought the whole project things that we thought the whole project is going to take in 20 hours and now we is going to take in 20 hours and now we is going to take in 20 hours and now we still haven't even connected to the API. still haven't even connected to the API. still haven't even connected to the API. So for this I came up with a new So for this I came up with a new So for this I came up with a new solution that I always do now rather solution that I always do now rather solution that I always do now rather than giving a fixed price. I think it than giving a fixed price. I think it than giving a fixed price. I think it makes more sense especially when you makes more sense especially when you makes more sense especially when you have things that are uncertain. You say have things that are uncertain. You say have things that are uncertain. You say let's do a discovery phase or I call it let's do a discovery phase or I call it let's do a discovery phase or I call it a technical assessment where you can a technical assessment where you can a technical assessment where you can give an estimate that hey this technical give an estimate that hey this technical give an estimate that hey this technical assessment is going to take a minimum of assessment is going to take a minimum of assessment is going to take a minimum of 10 to 20 hours. You're going to be paid 10 to 20 hours. You're going to be paid 10 to 20 hours. You're going to be paid hourly and then it could extend maybe hourly and then it could extend maybe hourly and then it could extend maybe 230 or whatever but still we at least 230 or whatever but still we at least 230 or whatever but still we at least half or even 20% of the total price. half or even 20% of the total price. half or even 20% of the total price. With this you try to figure out all the With this you try to figure out all the With this you try to figure out all the stuff that are causing you that could stuff that are causing you that could stuff that are causing you that could risk you from achieving your goal or not risk you from achieving your goal or not risk you from achieving your goal or not be able to deliver the project. So in be able to deliver the project. So in be able to deliver the project. So in this phase you usually try to figure out this phase you usually try to figure out this phase you usually try to figure out all the APIs you have access to all the all the APIs you have access to all the all the APIs you have access to all the data. Is the data clean enough to create data. Is the data clean enough to create data. Is the data clean enough to create a AI system or a machine learning system a AI system or a machine learning system a AI system or a machine learning system that can produce a good value. How is that can produce a good value. How is that can produce a good value. How is the data looks like? How is the output the data looks like? How is the output the data looks like? How is the output looks like? What is the inputs? What is looks like? What is the inputs? What is looks like? What is the inputs? What is the outputs? try to figure out basically the outputs? try to figure out basically the outputs? try to figure out basically everything at least like as a sketch or everything at least like as a sketch or everything at least like as a sketch or maybe connect some quick and it end maybe connect some quick and it end maybe connect some quick and it end nodes just to see if things are flowing nodes just to see if things are flowing nodes just to see if things are flowing if you have access to the data how long if you have access to the data how long if you have access to the data how long it's going to take and in this phase it it's going to take and in this phase it it's going to take and in this phase it will give you more confidence into how will give you more confidence into how will give you more confidence into how are you going to produce this project are you going to produce this project are you going to produce this project successfully right now in the past I successfully right now in the past I successfully right now in the past I used to give like a total estimate for a used to give like a total estimate for a used to give like a total estimate for a project I would say like hey this project I would say like hey this project I would say like hey this project is going to take me 50 hours uh project is going to take me 50 hours uh project is going to take me 50 hours uh or maybe 60 hours and my hourly rate is or maybe 60 hours and my hourly rate is or maybe 60 hours and my hourly rate is this much it's going to cost you like this much it's going to cost you like this much it's going to cost you like this amount I realized very soon that this amount I realized very soon that this amount I realized very soon that this was always making me work way more this was always making me work way more this was always making me work way more and then my hourly rate dropped by half and then my hourly rate dropped by half and then my hourly rate dropped by half because I always underestimated the because I always underestimated the because I always underestimated the effort that is going into a certain effort that is going into a certain effort that is going into a certain project. The only thing that you can do project. The only thing that you can do project. The only thing that you can do to cover yourself is just put hourly to cover yourself is just put hourly to cover yourself is just put hourly rate and say hey I am very unfamiliar rate and say hey I am very unfamiliar rate and say hey I am very unfamiliar with this territory with a CRM with all with this territory with a CRM with all with this territory with a CRM with all this kind of stuff and this is actually this kind of stuff and this is actually this kind of stuff and this is actually my advice if you are entering a project my advice if you are entering a project my advice if you are entering a project where you haven't done anything with or where you haven't done anything with or where you haven't done anything with or very uh new technology then do at least very uh new technology then do at least very uh new technology then do at least part of it as an hourly rate usually the part of it as an hourly rate usually the part of it as an hourly rate usually the clients also agree to that because there clients also agree to that because there clients also agree to that because there is some discovery like there is some is some discovery like there is some is some discovery like there is some discovery whether they're going to pay discovery whether they're going to pay discovery whether they're going to pay you this or pay someone else or a you this or pay someone else or a you this or pay someone else or a consultant someone's going to sit there consultant someone's going to sit there consultant someone's going to sit there and be paid per hours to figure things and be paid per hours to figure things and be paid per hours to figure things out. I try to systemize this. So I offer out. I try to systemize this. So I offer out. I try to systemize this. So I offer like a very also a fixed price like a very also a fixed price like a very also a fixed price discovery. If it takes me 10 hours to discovery. If it takes me 10 hours to discovery. If it takes me 10 hours to discover or 30 hours to discover, I will discover or 30 hours to discover, I will discover or 30 hours to discover, I will take the risk. And usually the clients take the risk. And usually the clients take the risk. And usually the clients agree to that. Even if the price is agree to that. Even if the price is agree to that. Even if the price is maybe $2,000 or even if the price is maybe $2,000 or even if the price is maybe $2,000 or even if the price is less or more, if you limit the risk to less or more, if you limit the risk to less or more, if you limit the risk to the client, even if the price is high, the client, even if the price is high, the client, even if the price is high, at least they know the highest it can at least they know the highest it can at least they know the highest it can reach is maybe 2,000 and they are okay reach is maybe 2,000 and they are okay reach is maybe 2,000 and they are okay with it. So in my experience, even if with it. So in my experience, even if with it. So in my experience, even if you ask for a high price for something, you ask for a high price for something, you ask for a high price for something, if the client perceive it as fair and if if the client perceive it as fair and if if the client perceive it as fair and if perceive it as like you're taking on the perceive it as like you're taking on the perceive it as like you're taking on the risk, because this can take as long as risk, because this can take as long as risk, because this can take as long as maybe 40 hours and then okay, for 40 maybe 40 hours and then okay, for 40 maybe 40 hours and then okay, for 40 hours I'm paying 2,000, that's actually hours I'm paying 2,000, that's actually hours I'm paying 2,000, that's actually not a lot of money. So if that's the not a lot of money. So if that's the not a lot of money. So if that's the case and if you're so confident in your case and if you're so confident in your case and if you're so confident in your skills that you can achieve this, it has skills that you can achieve this, it has skills that you can achieve this, it has worked in the past. And actually in my worked in the past. And actually in my worked in the past. And actually in my latest project, it worked against me latest project, it worked against me latest project, it worked against me actually. I ended up working maybe 30 40 actually. I ended up working maybe 30 40 actually. I ended up working maybe 30 40 hours and paying a developer for a very hours and paying a developer for a very hours and paying a developer for a very much less fixed price and it turned out much less fixed price and it turned out much less fixed price and it turned out that okay this wasn't a great strategy that okay this wasn't a great strategy that okay this wasn't a great strategy but now I know because when I move but now I know because when I move but now I know because when I move forward I understand like okay now you forward I understand like okay now you forward I understand like okay now you need to estimate way longer or maybe you need to estimate way longer or maybe you need to estimate way longer or maybe you don't do this kind of work maybe if you don't do this kind of work maybe if you don't do this kind of work maybe if you want to scale this then you don't have want to scale this then you don't have want to scale this then you don't have to integrate with every CRM maybe you to integrate with every CRM maybe you to integrate with every CRM maybe you say like hey sorry this we we don't do say like hey sorry this we we don't do say like hey sorry this we we don't do this like we don't integrate with this this like we don't integrate with this this like we don't integrate with this CRM if you want we can migrate to CRM if you want we can migrate to CRM if you want we can migrate to something else or we can offer you something else or we can offer you something else or we can offer you something else but all of these like something else but all of these like something else but all of these like don't be too harsh on yourself. It's all don't be too harsh on yourself. It's all don't be too harsh on yourself. It's all learning phase. I know big and small learning phase. I know big and small learning phase. I know big and small agencies who tried project based agencies who tried project based agencies who tried project based pricing, who've tried different pricing, who've tried different pricing, who've tried different strategies and then they ended up strategies and then they ended up strategies and then they ended up deciding for hourly rate actually deciding for hourly rate actually deciding for hourly rate actually because it's the least risky. But if you because it's the least risky. But if you because it's the least risky. But if you want to at some point move away from the want to at some point move away from the want to at some point move away from the service based business into like a service based business into like a service based business into like a productionized business, like you have a productionized business, like you have a productionized business, like you have a product that you just set up a minimum product that you just set up a minimum product that you just set up a minimum integration with couple of tools, then integration with couple of tools, then integration with couple of tools, then it would make sense to just slowly move it would make sense to just slowly move it would make sense to just slowly move from hourly to project based pricing. from hourly to project based pricing. from hourly to project based pricing. With that being said, uh maybe just a With that being said, uh maybe just a With that being said, uh maybe just a quick summary. So, if you get a new quick summary. So, if you get a new quick summary. So, if you get a new request that you're unsure how to deal request that you're unsure how to deal request that you're unsure how to deal with, don't go full hourly rate because with, don't go full hourly rate because with, don't go full hourly rate because maybe the clients are not going to agree maybe the clients are not going to agree maybe the clients are not going to agree with this, especially if your hourly with this, especially if your hourly with this, especially if your hourly rate is quite high. But break it down rate is quite high. But break it down rate is quite high. But break it down into two stages. One stage would be into two stages. One stage would be into two stages. One stage would be hourly or fixed discovery phase. I hourly or fixed discovery phase. I hourly or fixed discovery phase. I usually maybe charge maybe 2,000 to usually maybe charge maybe 2,000 to usually maybe charge maybe 2,000 to 3,000 depending on really how many hours 3,000 depending on really how many hours 3,000 depending on really how many hours I'm going to be spending trying to I'm going to be spending trying to I'm going to be spending trying to figure out your whole business. And I'm figure out your whole business. And I'm figure out your whole business. And I'm not talking about like a small business not talking about like a small business not talking about like a small business with Gmail and a Google sheet and with Gmail and a Google sheet and with Gmail and a Google sheet and telling them I want to be paid 2,000 for telling them I want to be paid 2,000 for telling them I want to be paid 2,000 for discovery. I'm talking about really big discovery. I'm talking about really big discovery. I'm talking about really big businesses with maybe seven, five to six businesses with maybe seven, five to six businesses with maybe seven, five to six different tools that we need to different tools that we need to different tools that we need to integrate with and many different integrate with and many different integrate with and many different processes and many different people processes and many different people processes and many different people going to be using the software. So you going to be using the software. So you going to be using the software. So you need to see all the dependencies and need to see all the dependencies and need to see all the dependencies and figure out this whole system and before figure out this whole system and before figure out this whole system and before you even recommend what to do or how to you even recommend what to do or how to you even recommend what to do or how to move forward, you need to kind of move forward, you need to kind of move forward, you need to kind of understand their business and understand understand their business and understand understand their business and understand how you can help. So for this I think it how you can help. So for this I think it how you can help. So for this I think it makes absolute sense if you have makes absolute sense if you have makes absolute sense if you have confidence in your skills maybe ask for confidence in your skills maybe ask for confidence in your skills maybe ask for a fixed price and hope that you're going a fixed price and hope that you're going a fixed price and hope that you're going to maybe finish before that so you can to maybe finish before that so you can to maybe finish before that so you can actually your hourly rate would be good actually your hourly rate would be good actually your hourly rate would be good but the risk for you if you don't do it but the risk for you if you don't do it but the risk for you if you don't do it which in maybe 90% of the cases which in maybe 90% of the cases which in maybe 90% of the cases something's going to come up delays is something's going to come up delays is something's going to come up delays is going to happen and in most cases is not going to happen and in most cases is not going to happen and in most cases is not even you like for example for me the even you like for example for me the even you like for example for me the delays were always maybe the client has delays were always maybe the client has delays were always maybe the client has his own IT system or IT team that is his own IT system or IT team that is his own IT system or IT team that is being delayed by something people go on being delayed by something people go on being delayed by something people go on vacation you're dealing with people And vacation you're dealing with people And vacation you're dealing with people And people are slow especially in Europe. people are slow especially in Europe. people are slow especially in Europe. Sorry about that. Uh but people are Sorry about that. Uh but people are Sorry about that. Uh but people are generally slow. Uh they take some time generally slow. Uh they take some time generally slow. Uh they take some time they get sick. So things get delayed they get sick. So things get delayed they get sick. So things get delayed naturally and um you need to put that naturally and um you need to put that naturally and um you need to put that into mind and just don't be too harsh on into mind and just don't be too harsh on into mind and just don't be too harsh on yourself especially if things take a yourself especially if things take a yourself especially if things take a little bit longer or you go the hourly little bit longer or you go the hourly little bit longer or you go the hourly rate and you try to figure out okay if rate and you try to figure out okay if rate and you try to figure out okay if you I only get paid for the hours I work you I only get paid for the hours I work you I only get paid for the hours I work or the hours my developer work and then or the hours my developer work and then or the hours my developer work and then after that you get a clearer picture of after that you get a clearer picture of after that you get a clearer picture of what actually needs to be done. For what actually needs to be done. For what actually needs to be done. For example, in this proposal generation example, in this proposal generation example, in this proposal generation project that I mentioned here, you can project that I mentioned here, you can project that I mentioned here, you can see like am I actually able to generate see like am I actually able to generate see like am I actually able to generate something that looks good and I will something that looks good and I will something that looks good and I will spend the rest of the project trying to spend the rest of the project trying to spend the rest of the project trying to fine-tune this to make it perfect or fine-tune this to make it perfect or fine-tune this to make it perfect or like the AI is just not able at all to like the AI is just not able at all to like the AI is just not able at all to generate anything that resembles a good generate anything that resembles a good generate anything that resembles a good result because the data is absent. I result because the data is absent. I result because the data is absent. I don't have a clear evaluation metrics. I don't have a clear evaluation metrics. I don't have a clear evaluation metrics. I don't even have past projects to compare don't even have past projects to compare don't even have past projects to compare with. And in these kind of projects, you with. And in these kind of projects, you with. And in these kind of projects, you just say sorry like like it's not going just say sorry like like it's not going just say sorry like like it's not going to work and you're not going to be happy to work and you're not going to be happy to work and you're not going to be happy if we now start and just throw the AI if we now start and just throw the AI if we now start and just throw the AI there and then there's no way to measure there and then there's no way to measure there and then there's no way to measure if it's going to be working or not. This if it's going to be working or not. This if it's going to be working or not. This gives you also some confidence in your gives you also some confidence in your gives you also some confidence in your ability to uh deliver and will give also ability to uh deliver and will give also ability to uh deliver and will give also your customer confidence in you that you your customer confidence in you that you your customer confidence in you that you know what you're talking about. So now know what you're talking about. So now know what you're talking about. So now for the really juice that I think people for the really juice that I think people for the really juice that I think people are asking for. So like how much do are asking for. So like how much do are asking for. So like how much do things cost? How much for example does things cost? How much for example does things cost? How much for example does it cost to sell a AI agent or to sell a it cost to sell a AI agent or to sell a it cost to sell a AI agent or to sell a chatbot? And the answer that is not so chatbot? And the answer that is not so chatbot? And the answer that is not so satisfying is it depends. And I'm really satisfying is it depends. And I'm really satisfying is it depends. And I'm really sorry to say that but it really does. In sorry to say that but it really does. In sorry to say that but it really does. In the past I thought that example let's the past I thought that example let's the past I thought that example let's talk about chat bots. If you just need a talk about chat bots. If you just need a talk about chat bots. If you just need a chatbot that is on your website and chatbot that is on your website and chatbot that is on your website and answer some Q&amp;A so very simple answer some Q&amp;A so very simple answer some Q&amp;A so very simple deployment. You already probably have deployment. You already probably have deployment. You already probably have some templates that look similar. I some templates that look similar. I some templates that look similar. I thought something like that should cost thought something like that should cost thought something like that should cost maybe 1,000 like straight up fee 1,000 maybe 1,000 like straight up fee 1,000 maybe 1,000 like straight up fee 1,000 and we can just ship it for you, and we can just ship it for you, and we can just ship it for you, integrate it, do everything. And after integrate it, do everything. And after integrate it, do everything. And after developing my own website, my own developing my own website, my own developing my own website, my own chatbot, I've realized that let's say chatbot, I've realized that let's say chatbot, I've realized that let's say 1,000 for me it's around 10 hours of 1,000 for me it's around 10 hours of 1,000 for me it's around 10 hours of work that I think is worth especially if work that I think is worth especially if work that I think is worth especially if I'm paying for developers or it's my own I'm paying for developers or it's my own I'm paying for developers or it's my own time, 1,000 should be around 10 hours. time, 1,000 should be around 10 hours. time, 1,000 should be around 10 hours. And I saw that building a chatbot is And I saw that building a chatbot is And I saw that building a chatbot is taking around maybe 30 40 hours because taking around maybe 30 40 hours because taking around maybe 30 40 hours because the development doesn't stop when the the development doesn't stop when the the development doesn't stop when the chatbot's been delivered. It stops only chatbot's been delivered. It stops only chatbot's been delivered. It stops only after the client and the customers are after the client and the customers are after the client and the customers are happy with what they are having or happy with what they are having or happy with what they are having or you're able to achieve what the customer you're able to achieve what the customer you're able to achieve what the customer is asking for. So a pure Q&amp;A fair enough is asking for. So a pure Q&amp;A fair enough is asking for. So a pure Q&amp;A fair enough is maybe not so hard to do right now. is maybe not so hard to do right now. is maybe not so hard to do right now. There's like you can also hook it up There's like you can also hook it up There's like you can also hook it up with like bot press or something like with like bot press or something like with like bot press or something like that. Maybe take you 3 4 hours to to that. Maybe take you 3 4 hours to to that. Maybe take you 3 4 hours to to build. But the trick with chatbots, build. But the trick with chatbots, build. But the trick with chatbots, chatbots, I think a very specific niche chatbots, I think a very specific niche chatbots, I think a very specific niche in AI that is really tricky to get in AI that is really tricky to get in AI that is really tricky to get right. I think you can also see from my right. I think you can also see from my right. I think you can also see from my previous chatbot video that things went previous chatbot video that things went previous chatbot video that things went wrong at some point. You're trying to wrong at some point. You're trying to wrong at some point. You're trying to predict human behavior and that is hard. predict human behavior and that is hard. predict human behavior and that is hard. It's it's easier to just put everybody It's it's easier to just put everybody It's it's easier to just put everybody in a kind of like in a box to predict in a kind of like in a box to predict in a kind of like in a box to predict what they're going to say, try to build what they're going to say, try to build what they're going to say, try to build a system around that. But when you're a system around that. But when you're a system around that. But when you're dealing with natural language and in dealing with natural language and in dealing with natural language and in text and human creativity, it just it text and human creativity, it just it text and human creativity, it just it gets so difficult to understand all the gets so difficult to understand all the gets so difficult to understand all the kind of questions that someone's going kind of questions that someone's going kind of questions that someone's going to ask. Even with AI and with a to ask. Even with AI and with a to ask. Even with AI and with a knowledge base, you're maybe going to knowledge base, you're maybe going to knowledge base, you're maybe going to lose some clients. Some people going to lose some clients. Some people going to lose some clients. Some people going to be frustrated. But ideally, you try to be frustrated. But ideally, you try to be frustrated. But ideally, you try to fix around 70% of the requests that your fix around 70% of the requests that your fix around 70% of the requests that your maybe customer service are getting or maybe customer service are getting or maybe customer service are getting or you give people a better user you give people a better user you give people a better user experience. But the problem is it's a experience. But the problem is it's a experience. But the problem is it's a constant refinement. It's a constant constant refinement. It's a constant constant refinement. It's a constant work. So, you either maybe set it for work. So, you either maybe set it for work. So, you either maybe set it for 1,000 and then you have some sort of a 1,000 and then you have some sort of a 1,000 and then you have some sort of a maintenance fee and like improvement fee maintenance fee and like improvement fee maintenance fee and like improvement fee or you need to maybe charge a much or you need to maybe charge a much or you need to maybe charge a much higher maybe two to three for like the higher maybe two to three for like the higher maybe two to three for like the setup, the training, the integration. setup, the training, the integration. setup, the training, the integration. Usually also in most cases, it's rarely Usually also in most cases, it's rarely Usually also in most cases, it's rarely that I get a request of somebody who that I get a request of somebody who that I get a request of somebody who just want a chatbot. They usually want just want a chatbot. They usually want just want a chatbot. They usually want to solve a lot of problems. They want it to solve a lot of problems. They want it to solve a lot of problems. They want it integrated with some sort of a ticketing integrated with some sort of a ticketing integrated with some sort of a ticketing system that if the AI can't figure it system that if the AI can't figure it system that if the AI can't figure it out, it can also create a ticket for the out, it can also create a ticket for the out, it can also create a ticket for the customer service to try to solve this. customer service to try to solve this. customer service to try to solve this. They want some sort of an agentic They want some sort of an agentic They want some sort of an agentic workflow that the agents are like workflow that the agents are like workflow that the agents are like working and trying to figure things out. working and trying to figure things out. working and trying to figure things out. Usually, it's also very hard. My Usually, it's also very hard. My Usually, it's also very hard. My experience with agents have been not so experience with agents have been not so experience with agents have been not so great. they sometimes forget to use the great. they sometimes forget to use the great. they sometimes forget to use the proper tools. Even if they use the proper tools. Even if they use the proper tools. Even if they use the tools, maybe they put the wrong tools, maybe they put the wrong tools, maybe they put the wrong parameters, especially when you interact parameters, especially when you interact parameters, especially when you interact with it for a couple of iterations. So with it for a couple of iterations. So with it for a couple of iterations. So if you're keeping a memory, it starts if you're keeping a memory, it starts if you're keeping a memory, it starts also forget about different things also also forget about different things also also forget about different things also depending on the model. So there's a lot depending on the model. So there's a lot depending on the model. So there's a lot of experimentation and it's not really of experimentation and it's not really of experimentation and it's not really all it's never a copy paste solution all it's never a copy paste solution all it's never a copy paste solution from one client to another. It's always from one client to another. It's always from one client to another. It's always something that you need to refine. You something that you need to refine. You something that you need to refine. You need to check the data and after that need to check the data and after that need to check the data and after that you need to log these data and iterate. you need to log these data and iterate. you need to log these data and iterate. So that's why in my opinion 10 hours of So that's why in my opinion 10 hours of So that's why in my opinion 10 hours of work is not enough for a chatbot and work is not enough for a chatbot and work is not enough for a chatbot and that's why it's getting really that's why it's getting really that's why it's getting really frustrating when I hear these really low frustrating when I hear these really low frustrating when I hear these really low numbers or or people who expect these numbers or or people who expect these numbers or or people who expect these low numbers. And you can see this also low numbers. And you can see this also low numbers. And you can see this also in the in the video where people were in the in the video where people were in the in the video where people were interacting with my chatbot and even the interacting with my chatbot and even the interacting with my chatbot and even the chatbot was suggesting prices like 2,000 chatbot was suggesting prices like 2,000 chatbot was suggesting prices like 2,000 3,000 people were like hey this is too 3,000 people were like hey this is too 3,000 people were like hey this is too expensive. No, we don't want to pay expensive. No, we don't want to pay expensive. No, we don't want to pay this. I don't know what to say. It's this. I don't know what to say. It's this. I don't know what to say. It's really tricky to get especially if you really tricky to get especially if you really tricky to get especially if you want to get something nice or something want to get something nice or something want to get something nice or something that solves your problem. If you just that solves your problem. If you just that solves your problem. If you just want a fancy chatbot to put it there and want a fancy chatbot to put it there and want a fancy chatbot to put it there and show people that you're AI positive or show people that you're AI positive or show people that you're AI positive or whatever, then yes, be my guest. Do whatever, then yes, be my guest. Do whatever, then yes, be my guest. Do that. Otherwise, it gets a little bit that. Otherwise, it gets a little bit that. Otherwise, it gets a little bit tricky to get it right. So, regarding AI tricky to get it right. So, regarding AI tricky to get it right. So, regarding AI agents, so far the only AI agent that I agents, so far the only AI agent that I agents, so far the only AI agent that I sold was a agent that created this sold was a agent that created this sold was a agent that created this proposal. It was for a project for proposal. It was for a project for proposal. It was for a project for creating software development proposals creating software development proposals creating software development proposals based on a conversation that somebody based on a conversation that somebody based on a conversation that somebody had with I'm going to show it in future had with I'm going to show it in future had with I'm going to show it in future videos what I actually developed. So it videos what I actually developed. So it videos what I actually developed. So it actually was like three agents thinging actually was like three agents thinging actually was like three agents thinging together. One in in charge of the together. One in in charge of the together. One in in charge of the pricing, wasn't in charge of the risk pricing, wasn't in charge of the risk pricing, wasn't in charge of the risk management, and then they generate a management, and then they generate a management, and then they generate a final proposal. It worked well. There final proposal. It worked well. There final proposal. It worked well. There was challenges. It was it wasn't was challenges. It was it wasn't was challenges. It was it wasn't perfect. It did at least maybe 90% of perfect. It did at least maybe 90% of perfect. It did at least maybe 90% of the work. And then the person who I sold the work. And then the person who I sold the work. And then the person who I sold this to had to maybe review the final this to had to maybe review the final this to had to maybe review the final bits and try to maybe do the last 10%. bits and try to maybe do the last 10%. bits and try to maybe do the last 10%. And for that it was around maybe 2,000 And for that it was around maybe 2,000 And for that it was around maybe 2,000 to do the work because it also took to do the work because it also took to do the work because it also took around the same amount of hours maybe 25 around the same amount of hours maybe 25 around the same amount of hours maybe 25 hours of development. This is something hours of development. This is something hours of development. This is something that yeah people say oh sell this for that yeah people say oh sell this for that yeah people say oh sell this for 2,000 or whatever but it's really tricky 2,000 or whatever but it's really tricky 2,000 or whatever but it's really tricky to get maybe someone else who exactly to get maybe someone else who exactly to get maybe someone else who exactly needs the same problems cuz also this needs the same problems cuz also this needs the same problems cuz also this client was very specific that he wanted client was very specific that he wanted client was very specific that he wanted to be extracted and written in this to be extracted and written in this to be extracted and written in this proposal because he had a very unique proposal because he had a very unique proposal because he had a very unique way of writing proposals. So it doesn't way of writing proposals. So it doesn't way of writing proposals. So it doesn't work maybe for everybody, but I think work maybe for everybody, but I think work maybe for everybody, but I think that experience also helped maybe with that experience also helped maybe with that experience also helped maybe with the construction company later on to the construction company later on to the construction company later on to build these proposals for them. I think build these proposals for them. I think build these proposals for them. I think the the the really good things that the the the really good things that the the the really good things that right now they've been selling also for right now they've been selling also for right now they've been selling also for quite some money is some sort of a quite some money is some sort of a quite some money is some sort of a system, not really just an agent, but a system, not really just an agent, but a system, not really just an agent, but a system that is helping a client do a system that is helping a client do a system that is helping a client do a specific thing and that's usually specific thing and that's usually specific thing and that's usually helping them maybe getting more clients, helping them maybe getting more clients, helping them maybe getting more clients, whether it's in outreach or lead whether it's in outreach or lead whether it's in outreach or lead reactivation. And usually you can sell reactivation. And usually you can sell reactivation. And usually you can sell these systems for like $5,000. And the these systems for like $5,000. And the these systems for like $5,000. And the way you justify this is because of the way you justify this is because of the way you justify this is because of the amount of effort that goes into this. amount of effort that goes into this. amount of effort that goes into this. And by effort, I'm not talking about And by effort, I'm not talking about And by effort, I'm not talking about prompting the AI, but literally we spent prompting the AI, but literally we spent prompting the AI, but literally we spent around 80% of the work all around the AI around 80% of the work all around the AI around 80% of the work all around the AI and only 20% of the work actually maybe and only 20% of the work actually maybe and only 20% of the work actually maybe doing the prompting and just checking doing the prompting and just checking doing the prompting and just checking out this one feature that is the whole out this one feature that is the whole out this one feature that is the whole thing around it. Uh for example, let me thing around it. Uh for example, let me thing around it. Uh for example, let me give you a clear example. We had to give you a clear example. We had to give you a clear example. We had to integrate with CRM. We had to build in integrate with CRM. We had to build in integrate with CRM. We had to build in like some user interface to interact like some user interface to interact like some user interface to interact with it. We had to make sure the data is with it. We had to make sure the data is with it. We had to make sure the data is good, the data is validated, fallback good, the data is validated, fallback good, the data is validated, fallback mechanism. So there was so much work mechanism. So there was so much work mechanism. So there was so much work that was around the actual AI and then that was around the actual AI and then that was around the actual AI and then the final piece was like okay the AI the final piece was like okay the AI the final piece was like okay the AI generating something personal for like generating something personal for like generating something personal for like the outreach or whatever but the the outreach or whatever but the the outreach or whatever but the tracking of the campaign connecting the tracking of the campaign connecting the tracking of the campaign connecting the campaign to the CRM being able to campaign to the CRM being able to campaign to the CRM being able to extract all this data making sure that extract all this data making sure that extract all this data making sure that this data doesn't collapse on n because this data doesn't collapse on n because this data doesn't collapse on n because nitn is not so scalable if you try to nitn is not so scalable if you try to nitn is not so scalable if you try to process a lot of data sometimes the node process a lot of data sometimes the node process a lot of data sometimes the node or like the whole server is like fall or like the whole server is like fall or like the whole server is like fall down and crashes and trying to figure down and crashes and trying to figure down and crashes and trying to figure this whole things out is frustrating and this whole things out is frustrating and this whole things out is frustrating and timeconuming and it's not really just timeconuming and it's not really just timeconuming and it's not really just prompting the LLM to write maybe a prompting the LLM to write maybe a prompting the LLM to write maybe a personal email looking at some personal email looking at some personal email looking at some information about somebody also in information about somebody also in information about somebody also in Europe you have like some maybe 10% of Europe you have like some maybe 10% of Europe you have like some maybe 10% of the work trying to figure out what tools the work trying to figure out what tools the work trying to figure out what tools you can use and what tools you cannot you can use and what tools you cannot you can use and what tools you cannot use and maybe figure out this whole use and maybe figure out this whole use and maybe figure out this whole compliance stuff that goes uh around the compliance stuff that goes uh around the compliance stuff that goes uh around the topic of AI and what infrastructure that topic of AI and what infrastructure that topic of AI and what infrastructure that you need and which LLM you can use and you need and which LLM you can use and you need and which LLM you can use and which LLM you cannot use. So yeah, for which LLM you cannot use. So yeah, for which LLM you cannot use. So yeah, for these kind of projects you can charge these kind of projects you can charge these kind of projects you can charge maybe 5,000 because it takes usually 2 maybe 5,000 because it takes usually 2 maybe 5,000 because it takes usually 2 to 3 to 4 weeks of development. It's not to 3 to 4 weeks of development. It's not to 3 to 4 weeks of development. It's not so high for looking at the amount of so high for looking at the amount of so high for looking at the amount of time that it took and the most maybe time that it took and the most maybe time that it took and the most maybe money is still going not into actual money is still going not into actual money is still going not into actual agents but into building platforms into agents but into building platforms into agents but into building platforms into building like an MVP web app. This is building like an MVP web app. This is building like an MVP web app. This is where the most money usually go to where the most money usually go to where the most money usually go to because the amount of work because because the amount of work because because the amount of work because usually for these like a small MVP takes usually for these like a small MVP takes usually for these like a small MVP takes you around 150 to 200 hours of work if you around 150 to 200 hours of work if you around 150 to 200 hours of work if you want to deploy it. Right now I see you want to deploy it. Right now I see you want to deploy it. Right now I see people creating stuff with lovable with people creating stuff with lovable with people creating stuff with lovable with cursor with replet and I believe like cursor with replet and I believe like cursor with replet and I believe like yes this is accelerating the development yes this is accelerating the development yes this is accelerating the development uh by a lot. I know this because I build uh by a lot. I know this because I build uh by a lot. I know this because I build web apps with lovable. But yeah, it's web apps with lovable. But yeah, it's web apps with lovable. But yeah, it's still to build something that actually still to build something that actually still to build something that actually works and is able to handle maybe a works and is able to handle maybe a works and is able to handle maybe a couple of users, especially if you want couple of users, especially if you want couple of users, especially if you want to have some beta testers or stuff like to have some beta testers or stuff like to have some beta testers or stuff like that. It's going to take some time to that. It's going to take some time to that. It's going to take some time to figure out the bugs. The AI, for figure out the bugs. The AI, for figure out the bugs. The AI, for example, in my experience, Lovable is example, in my experience, Lovable is example, in my experience, Lovable is great at building you a template. great at building you a template. great at building you a template. Anything beyond that, you just go crazy Anything beyond that, you just go crazy Anything beyond that, you just go crazy and it doesn't do many things. Maybe if and it doesn't do many things. Maybe if and it doesn't do many things. Maybe if you're watching this video in a year you're watching this video in a year you're watching this video in a year time, you probably are laughing at me time, you probably are laughing at me time, you probably are laughing at me right now for saying these things. I right now for saying these things. I right now for saying these things. I don't know. These things are learning don't know. These things are learning don't know. These things are learning exponentially, but the last time I exponentially, but the last time I exponentially, but the last time I tested it, it wasn't so great. Also, tested it, it wasn't so great. Also, tested it, it wasn't so great. Also, it's not so good at building logic, but it's not so good at building logic, but it's not so good at building logic, but it's very good at building beautiful it's very good at building beautiful it's very good at building beautiful front ends and user interfaces. So, I front ends and user interfaces. So, I front ends and user interfaces. So, I give it that one. It does accelerate the give it that one. It does accelerate the give it that one. It does accelerate the process a little bit, but there's still process a little bit, but there's still process a little bit, but there's still so many different stuff that usually so many different stuff that usually so many different stuff that usually takes so much time that you always takes so much time that you always takes so much time that you always underestimate. So this is what usually underestimate. So this is what usually underestimate. So this is what usually sells between maybe 10 like 5 to 15 for sells between maybe 10 like 5 to 15 for sells between maybe 10 like 5 to 15 for like an MVP and anything beyond that is like an MVP and anything beyond that is like an MVP and anything beyond that is usually a project that is above 2 months usually a project that is above 2 months usually a project that is above 2 months or like above 1 months then you can hear or like above 1 months then you can hear or like above 1 months then you can hear about these bigger numbers and yeah this about these bigger numbers and yeah this about these bigger numbers and yeah this is what my experience have been so far is what my experience have been so far is what my experience have been so far in terms of pricing what are the in terms of pricing what are the in terms of pricing what are the different prices for different things different prices for different things different prices for different things and what I would love to move away from and what I would love to move away from and what I would love to move away from is a fully servicebased business where is a fully servicebased business where is a fully servicebased business where I'm being paid by the hour or also if I'm being paid by the hour or also if I'm being paid by the hour or also if you're project based pricing you're you're project based pricing you're you're project based pricing you're technically being paid by the hour but technically being paid by the hour but technically being paid by the hour but you are setting this hourly rate based you are setting this hourly rate based you are setting this hourly rate based on how much time it's going to take you on how much time it's going to take you on how much time it's going to take you what I would love to be able to achieve what I would love to be able to achieve what I would love to be able to achieve at some point is to have built a system at some point is to have built a system at some point is to have built a system that is very much replicable and then that is very much replicable and then that is very much replicable and then only 20% needs to change but this only 20% needs to change but this only 20% needs to change but this hopefully this 20% doesn't take massive hopefully this 20% doesn't take massive hopefully this 20% doesn't take massive amount of time because I think people amount of time because I think people amount of time because I think people sold us these workflows and init like sold us these workflows and init like sold us these workflows and init like okay uh you build a template and then okay uh you build a template and then okay uh you build a template and then you replicate it and they said oh you you replicate it and they said oh you you replicate it and they said oh you just need to hook up a new CRM and they just need to hook up a new CRM and they just need to hook up a new CRM and they don't tell you that I spent the last 3 don't tell you that I spent the last 3 don't tell you that I spent the last 3 weeks trying to hook up a new CRM. So, weeks trying to hook up a new CRM. So, weeks trying to hook up a new CRM. So, it's not that easy, especially if the it's not that easy, especially if the it's not that easy, especially if the CRM is like 100 years old and you're CRM is like 100 years old and you're CRM is like 100 years old and you're selling to a traditional business. So, selling to a traditional business. So, selling to a traditional business. So, yeah, these things take time, but I hope yeah, these things take time, but I hope yeah, these things take time, but I hope the more we learn how to build these the more we learn how to build these the more we learn how to build these things, maybe the quicker we can figure things, maybe the quicker we can figure things, maybe the quicker we can figure out a way to abstract all these things out a way to abstract all these things out a way to abstract all these things and maybe we don't need a CRM to and maybe we don't need a CRM to and maybe we don't need a CRM to integrate every time, but we can maybe integrate every time, but we can maybe integrate every time, but we can maybe build a platform where we can on board build a platform where we can on board build a platform where we can on board our clients on. But that opens a our clients on. But that opens a our clients on. But that opens a different challenges of distribution and different challenges of distribution and different challenges of distribution and selling and you become a product owner selling and you become a product owner selling and you become a product owner and like a product company with its own and like a product company with its own and like a product company with its own challenges. I would love to be there one challenges. I would love to be there one challenges. I would love to be there one day. I think now is easier than ever to day. I think now is easier than ever to day. I think now is easier than ever to reach there especially if you are reach there especially if you are reach there especially if you are building things in tech because the building things in tech because the building things in tech because the products are no longer the problem. You products are no longer the problem. You products are no longer the problem. You can build products quickly. The can build products quickly. The can build products quickly. The challenge is the distribution and the challenge is the distribution and the challenge is the distribution and the sales. So if you figure that part out, I sales. So if you figure that part out, I sales. So if you figure that part out, I think you can do very well. I hope you think you can do very well. I hope you think you can do very well. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you so much enjoyed this video. Thank you so much enjoyed this video. Thank you so much for taking the time. If you have any for taking the time. If you have any for taking the time. If you have any questions, please let me know in the questions, please let me know in the questions, please let me know in the comments. I try to answer all the comments. I try to answer all the comments. I try to answer all the comments at least for the first 24 hours comments at least for the first 24 hours comments at least for the first 24 hours of the video. And if you have any of the video. And if you have any of the video. And if you have any questions or wishes for future videos, questions or wishes for future videos, questions or wishes for future videos, make sure to put them in the comments. make sure to put them in the comments. make sure to put them in the comments. Thank you so much and see you in the Thank you so much and see you in the Thank you so much and see you in the next
