The world is changing so quickly. This The world is changing so quickly. This The world is changing so quickly. This is probably a little bit obvious, but is probably a little bit obvious, but is probably a little bit obvious, but you should just try things and and like you should just try things and and like you should just try things and and like every day do something with AI. Last every day do something with AI. Last every day do something with AI. Last summer, I took a weekend and used um summer, I took a weekend and used um summer, I took a weekend and used um GPT5 to help me build an iPhone app. I GPT5 to help me build an iPhone app. I GPT5 to help me build an iPhone app. I hadn't done that in a decade. And yeah, hadn't done that in a decade. And yeah, hadn't done that in a decade. And yeah, it's so fast and so easy. And that was, it's so fast and so easy. And that was, it's so fast and so easy. And that was, you know, an age ago. That was like 8 you know, an age ago. That was like 8 you know, an age ago. That was like 8 months ago. Uh now it's even faster and months ago. Uh now it's even faster and months ago. Uh now it's even faster and easier. Don't limit yourself. like easier. Don't limit yourself. like easier. Don't limit yourself. like anything that you imagine, you should anything that you imagine, you should anything that you imagine, you should just try to use AI and see how far you just try to use AI and see how far you just try to use AI and see how far you can get with it and you'll be, you know, can get with it and you'll be, you know, can get with it and you'll be, you know, making the world better. Welcome to another episode of the Light Welcome to another episode of the Light Welcome to another episode of the Light Cone. Ian Fischer is the co-founder and Cone. Ian Fischer is the co-founder and Cone. Ian Fischer is the co-founder and co-CEO of Poetic, which is building co-CEO of Poetic, which is building co-CEO of Poetic, which is building recursively self-improving AI reasoning recursively self-improving AI reasoning recursively self-improving AI reasoning harnesses for LLMs. Previously, he spent harnesses for LLMs. Previously, he spent harnesses for LLMs. Previously, he spent a decade as a researcher at Google a decade as a researcher at Google a decade as a researcher at Google DeepMind and founded a mobile devtools DeepMind and founded a mobile devtools DeepMind and founded a mobile devtools company through YC years ago. Welcome, company through YC years ago. Welcome, company through YC years ago. Welcome, Ian. Ian. Ian. &gt;&gt; Thank you. I'm so happy to be here. &gt;&gt; Thank you. I'm so happy to be here. &gt;&gt; Thank you. I'm so happy to be here. &gt;&gt; What is Poetic? How's it different than &gt;&gt; What is Poetic? How's it different than &gt;&gt; What is Poetic? How's it different than RL? You know, how's it different than RL? You know, how's it different than RL? You know, how's it different than context engineering? context engineering? context engineering? &gt;&gt; At Poetic, what we're building is a &gt;&gt; At Poetic, what we're building is a &gt;&gt; At Poetic, what we're building is a recursively self-improving system. And recursively self-improving system. And recursively self-improving system. And so, recursive self-improvement is this so, recursive self-improvement is this so, recursive self-improvement is this uh, you know, kind of the holy grail of uh, you know, kind of the holy grail of uh, you know, kind of the holy grail of AI where the AI is making itself AI where the AI is making itself AI where the AI is making itself smarter. The core insight that we had is smarter. The core insight that we had is smarter. The core insight that we had is that uh we could do recursive that uh we could do recursive that uh we could do recursive self-improvement far faster and cheaper self-improvement far faster and cheaper self-improvement far faster and cheaper than all of the other ways that people than all of the other ways that people than all of the other ways that people had been proposing to do this. Uh and so had been proposing to do this. Uh and so had been proposing to do this. Uh and so obviously I'm I can't go into details obviously I'm I can't go into details obviously I'm I can't go into details about what that what that is um what our about what that what that is um what our about what that what that is um what our particular approach is but um most of particular approach is but um most of particular approach is but um most of the approaches out there involve you the approaches out there involve you the approaches out there involve you know they require you to train a new LLM know they require you to train a new LLM know they require you to train a new LLM from scratch and training LLMs from from scratch and training LLMs from from scratch and training LLMs from scratch costs you know hundreds of scratch costs you know hundreds of scratch costs you know hundreds of millions of dollars and takes uh months millions of dollars and takes uh months millions of dollars and takes uh months of effort and so the of effort and so the of effort and so the &gt;&gt; and then anthropic or openi will come &gt;&gt; and then anthropic or openi will come &gt;&gt; and then anthropic or openi will come along and just eat your lunch in the along and just eat your lunch in the along and just eat your lunch in the next model release next model release next model release &gt;&gt; right right and you know of course &gt;&gt; right right and you know of course &gt;&gt; right right and you know of course anthropic and openi and google they're anthropic and openi and google they're anthropic and openi and google they're exploring train recursive exploring train recursive exploring train recursive self-improvement but typically at that self-improvement but typically at that self-improvement but typically at that level of um having the you know having level of um having the you know having level of um having the you know having to train a new model uh for every step to train a new model uh for every step to train a new model uh for every step of self-improvement that they do. of self-improvement that they do. of self-improvement that they do. &gt;&gt; I mean that seems like actually the like &gt;&gt; I mean that seems like actually the like &gt;&gt; I mean that seems like actually the like defining thing that a startup really defining thing that a startup really defining thing that a startup really really wants. Like I know that I want to really wants. Like I know that I want to really wants. Like I know that I want to take advantage of whatever the next take advantage of whatever the next take advantage of whatever the next model is, but the second you're in model is, but the second you're in model is, but the second you're in fine-tuning land, I'm spending, you fine-tuning land, I'm spending, you fine-tuning land, I'm spending, you know, millions to hundreds of millions know, millions to hundreds of millions know, millions to hundreds of millions of dollars and then guess what? like it of dollars and then guess what? like it of dollars and then guess what? like it I just lit it on fire cuz you know the I just lit it on fire cuz you know the I just lit it on fire cuz you know the next version of the frontier model comes next version of the frontier model comes next version of the frontier model comes out and I'll never catch up. Whereas out and I'll never catch up. Whereas out and I'll never catch up. Whereas like working with your systems means like working with your systems means like working with your systems means that I will always have the thing that that I will always have the thing that that I will always have the thing that is uh better than the thing that's out is uh better than the thing that's out is uh better than the thing that's out of box and that's sort of like the holy of box and that's sort of like the holy of box and that's sort of like the holy grail. grail. grail. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we think that this is uh &gt;&gt; Yeah, we think that this is uh &gt;&gt; Yeah, we think that this is uh incredibly valuable to anybody who's incredibly valuable to anybody who's incredibly valuable to anybody who's building on top of uh large language building on top of uh large language building on top of uh large language models and we don't view the uh you know models and we don't view the uh you know models and we don't view the uh you know the frontier models as competitors. the frontier models as competitors. the frontier models as competitors. They're, you know, they're the ones that They're, you know, they're the ones that They're, you know, they're the ones that were using the stilts, you know, were using the stilts, you know, were using the stilts, you know, building stilts to stand on top of, but building stilts to stand on top of, but building stilts to stand on top of, but uh if we didn't have that, um that uh if we didn't have that, um that uh if we didn't have that, um that foundational layer, then, you know, foundational layer, then, you know, foundational layer, then, you know, poetic couldn't exist. poetic couldn't exist. poetic couldn't exist. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, being the smartest model, &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, being the smartest model, &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, being the smartest model, uh you know, it's a game of inches uh you know, it's a game of inches uh you know, it's a game of inches actually and like so those inches matter actually and like so those inches matter actually and like so those inches matter a lot, a lot, a lot, &gt;&gt; right? Right. &gt;&gt; right? Right. &gt;&gt; right? Right. &gt;&gt; How do we actually get started? I mean, &gt;&gt; How do we actually get started? I mean, &gt;&gt; How do we actually get started? I mean, you've built something that, uh, you've built something that, uh, you've built something that, uh, basically any startup could use that, basically any startup could use that, basically any startup could use that, uh, it's sort of like stilts really. We uh, it's sort of like stilts really. We uh, it's sort of like stilts really. We have built a system that um uh can have built a system that um uh can have built a system that um uh can automatically generate systems for your automatically generate systems for your automatically generate systems for your particular problem that will always particular problem that will always particular problem that will always outperform the underlying language outperform the underlying language outperform the underlying language models and without kind of the massive models and without kind of the massive models and without kind of the massive expense as you're saying about the expense as you're saying about the expense as you're saying about the bitter lesson where you know what would bitter lesson where you know what would bitter lesson where you know what would you what would you have done without you what would you have done without you what would you have done without poetic you probably would have said okay poetic you probably would have said okay poetic you probably would have said okay we're going to first collect a large we're going to first collect a large we're going to first collect a large data set you know like tens of thousands data set you know like tens of thousands data set you know like tens of thousands of examples for our particular problem of examples for our particular problem of examples for our particular problem that we're working on and we're going to that we're working on and we're going to that we're working on and we're going to fine-tune you know the best model we can fine-tune you know the best model we can fine-tune you know the best model we can put get our hands put get our hands put get our hands uh maybe that's you know one of the uh maybe that's you know one of the uh maybe that's you know one of the frontier models or maybe it's an open frontier models or maybe it's an open frontier models or maybe it's an open weights model doesn't particularly weights model doesn't particularly weights model doesn't particularly matter. you're going to spend a lot of matter. you're going to spend a lot of matter. you're going to spend a lot of money on that fine-tuning. The the money on that fine-tuning. The the money on that fine-tuning. The the compute is so expensive. Uh and then at compute is so expensive. Uh and then at compute is so expensive. Uh and then at the end of it, you have something that the end of it, you have something that the end of it, you have something that uh you know works better than the thing uh you know works better than the thing uh you know works better than the thing that you fine-tuned on top of, but by that you fine-tuned on top of, but by that you fine-tuned on top of, but by then a new model's come out and it's then a new model's come out and it's then a new model's come out and it's better than the thing that you better than the thing that you better than the thing that you fine-tuned. You know, you fine-tuned, fine-tuned. You know, you fine-tuned, fine-tuned. You know, you fine-tuned, you know, like 3 years ago on top of GPT you know, like 3 years ago on top of GPT you know, like 3 years ago on top of GPT 3.5 or whatever and then GPD 404 comes 3.5 or whatever and then GPD 404 comes 3.5 or whatever and then GPD 404 comes out and it just blows you out of the out and it just blows you out of the out and it just blows you out of the water. And so, are you going to do that water. And so, are you going to do that water. And so, are you going to do that again or are you going to go out of again or are you going to go out of again or are you going to go out of business? And like in some cases the the business? And like in some cases the the business? And like in some cases the the latter with poetic uh what we end up latter with poetic uh what we end up latter with poetic uh what we end up giving you is a uh you know people are giving you is a uh you know people are giving you is a uh you know people are calling these things harnesses now but calling these things harnesses now but calling these things harnesses now but you know or a gentic system or whatever you know or a gentic system or whatever you know or a gentic system or whatever you want to call it that sits on top of you want to call it that sits on top of you want to call it that sits on top of one or more language models and it just one or more language models and it just one or more language models and it just performs better than them. Uh and when performs better than them. Uh and when performs better than them. Uh and when the new model comes out that same the new model comes out that same the new model comes out that same harness is uh perfectly compatible with harness is uh perfectly compatible with harness is uh perfectly compatible with it. Uh and you don't need to change it. Uh and you don't need to change it. Uh and you don't need to change anything to get the uh you know an even anything to get the uh you know an even anything to get the uh you know an even uh bigger performance bump. uh bigger performance bump. uh bigger performance bump. Additionally, we can, you know, continue Additionally, we can, you know, continue Additionally, we can, you know, continue to optimize for this new model, whatever to optimize for this new model, whatever to optimize for this new model, whatever the new model is that you want to use, the new model is that you want to use, the new model is that you want to use, uh, and, you know, make it even better. uh, and, you know, make it even better. uh, and, you know, make it even better. Uh, but you, you don't lose out on, you Uh, but you, you don't lose out on, you Uh, but you, you don't lose out on, you know, hundreds of millions of dollars. know, hundreds of millions of dollars. know, hundreds of millions of dollars. In fact, we do this so much more In fact, we do this so much more In fact, we do this so much more cheaply, uh, than fine-tuning would cost cheaply, uh, than fine-tuning would cost cheaply, uh, than fine-tuning would cost as well. as well. as well. &gt;&gt; And you've done this actually a bunch of &gt;&gt; And you've done this actually a bunch of &gt;&gt; And you've done this actually a bunch of times, right? Like I remember when you times, right? Like I remember when you times, right? Like I remember when you first came out with your paper in first came out with your paper in first came out with your paper in December of last year, uh you shot to December of last year, uh you shot to December of last year, uh you shot to the top of ARC AGI V2 and then you've the top of ARC AGI V2 and then you've the top of ARC AGI V2 and then you've done this a bunch of times for other done this a bunch of times for other done this a bunch of times for other benchmarks too. What you know what was benchmarks too. What you know what was benchmarks too. What you know what was that like? that like? that like? &gt;&gt; ARGI v2 was this was kind of you us &gt;&gt; ARGI v2 was this was kind of you us &gt;&gt; ARGI v2 was this was kind of you us coming out of stealth letting people coming out of stealth letting people coming out of stealth letting people know that we could um tackle these know that we could um tackle these know that we could um tackle these really hard problems. Uh and in really hard problems. Uh and in really hard problems. Uh and in particular, you know, we wanted to show particular, you know, we wanted to show particular, you know, we wanted to show that our system could generate these um that our system could generate these um that our system could generate these um what we call, you know, we call our what we call, you know, we call our what we call, you know, we call our system like the poetic meta system can system like the poetic meta system can system like the poetic meta system can generate uh reasoning systems that are generate uh reasoning systems that are generate uh reasoning systems that are um highly effective. Gemini 3 had deep um highly effective. Gemini 3 had deep um highly effective. Gemini 3 had deep think had just come out. Uh and they think had just come out. Uh and they think had just come out. Uh and they were, you know, really quite uh were, you know, really quite uh were, you know, really quite uh dramatically at the top of the dramatically at the top of the dramatically at the top of the leaderboard at 45%. Uh and two days leaderboard at 45%. Uh and two days leaderboard at 45%. Uh and two days later we release our results where um uh later we release our results where um uh later we release our results where um uh we were showing that we could get uh a we were showing that we could get uh a we were showing that we could get uh a lot higher than that. Uh lot higher than that. Uh lot higher than that. Uh &gt;&gt; so they come out with soda and then you &gt;&gt; so they come out with soda and then you &gt;&gt; so they come out with soda and then you come in right above them every single come in right above them every single come in right above them every single time which is like wild to see honestly. time which is like wild to see honestly. time which is like wild to see honestly. That's what it's like to have stilt you That's what it's like to have stilt you That's what it's like to have stilt you know like whatever model comes out you know like whatever model comes out you know like whatever model comes out you can be taller than that one with poetic can be taller than that one with poetic can be taller than that one with poetic which is like that's so awesome. which is like that's so awesome. which is like that's so awesome. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the interesting thing is that &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the interesting thing is that &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the interesting thing is that uh we were half the cost of Gemini 3 uh we were half the cost of Gemini 3 uh we were half the cost of Gemini 3 deep think because we were building on deep think because we were building on deep think because we were building on top of Gemini 3 Pro which is a much top of Gemini 3 Pro which is a much top of Gemini 3 Pro which is a much cheaper model um but we still got uh in cheaper model um but we still got uh in cheaper model um but we still got uh in the end a 9 percentage point improvement the end a 9 percentage point improvement the end a 9 percentage point improvement on the official verification. So they on the official verification. So they on the official verification. So they were at 45% and we and like 70s were at 45% and we and like 70s were at 45% and we and like 70s something dollars and we were at 54% and something dollars and we were at 54% and something dollars and we were at 54% and $32 per problem. $32 per problem. $32 per problem. &gt;&gt; So recently you guys just announced some &gt;&gt; So recently you guys just announced some &gt;&gt; So recently you guys just announced some incredible results for humanity's last incredible results for humanity's last incredible results for humanity's last exam. Can you tell us more about those? exam. Can you tell us more about those? exam. Can you tell us more about those? &gt;&gt; Humanity's last exam is a a set of 2500 &gt;&gt; Humanity's last exam is a a set of 2500 &gt;&gt; Humanity's last exam is a a set of 2500 really really hard questions written by really really hard questions written by really really hard questions written by experts in uh many different domains. experts in uh many different domains. experts in uh many different domains. They're they're meant to be uh They're they're meant to be uh They're they're meant to be uh challenging even for uh PhDs in those challenging even for uh PhDs in those challenging even for uh PhDs in those fields. AI hasn't passed it yet. Uh but fields. AI hasn't passed it yet. Uh but fields. AI hasn't passed it yet. Uh but we got to 55% which is almost two we got to 55% which is almost two we got to 55% which is almost two percentage points higher than the the percentage points higher than the the percentage points higher than the the previous uh state-of-the-art which came previous uh state-of-the-art which came previous uh state-of-the-art which came out just last week uh from uh Anthropic out just last week uh from uh Anthropic out just last week uh from uh Anthropic with Claude Opus 4.6. They got 53.1% and with Claude Opus 4.6. They got 53.1% and with Claude Opus 4.6. They got 53.1% and we got 55% on it. we got 55% on it. we got 55% on it. &gt;&gt; And one thing that uh humanity last exam &gt;&gt; And one thing that uh humanity last exam &gt;&gt; And one thing that uh humanity last exam doesn't publish is the cost of getting doesn't publish is the cost of getting doesn't publish is the cost of getting those results. In your case, this run those results. In your case, this run those results. In your case, this run was done with less than around six was done with less than around six was done with less than around six figure. How much was it? figure. How much was it? figure. How much was it? &gt;&gt; We didn't publish any uh cost for this, &gt;&gt; We didn't publish any uh cost for this, &gt;&gt; We didn't publish any uh cost for this, but I can say that the the optimization but I can say that the the optimization but I can say that the the optimization costs us less than 100k. Yeah. costs us less than 100k. Yeah. costs us less than 100k. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which is impressive because each of &gt;&gt; Which is impressive because each of &gt;&gt; Which is impressive because each of these big foundation modeled train runs these big foundation modeled train runs these big foundation modeled train runs are in the hundreds of millions of are in the hundreds of millions of are in the hundreds of millions of dollars. And you guys, as a company, dollars. And you guys, as a company, dollars. And you guys, as a company, you're only seven people. you're only seven people. you're only seven people. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Seven uh seven &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Seven uh seven &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Seven uh seven research scientists and research research scientists and research research scientists and research engineers. Yeah. engineers. Yeah. engineers. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's impressive. And I think the thing &gt;&gt; That's impressive. And I think the thing &gt;&gt; That's impressive. And I think the thing that's very interesting about your that's very interesting about your that's very interesting about your approach is sort of taking a very approach is sort of taking a very approach is sort of taking a very scientific approach to the emergent scientific approach to the emergent scientific approach to the emergent behaviors that a lot of the best behaviors that a lot of the best behaviors that a lot of the best founders are doing with models. I think founders are doing with models. I think founders are doing with models. I think a lot of uh founders that get very good a lot of uh founders that get very good a lot of uh founders that get very good results for agents, they treat the results for agents, they treat the results for agents, they treat the underlying model as a common layer that underlying model as a common layer that underlying model as a common layer that you can switch in between. And there's you can switch in between. And there's you can switch in between. And there's certain tasks for example for GPD 5.2 certain tasks for example for GPD 5.2 certain tasks for example for GPD 5.2 two like very hard to verify bugs gets two like very hard to verify bugs gets two like very hard to verify bugs gets sent to that versus architecture that sent to that versus architecture that sent to that versus architecture that gets sent to claw 4.6 six, but you're gets sent to claw 4.6 six, but you're gets sent to claw 4.6 six, but you're kind of doing this automatically instead kind of doing this automatically instead kind of doing this automatically instead of having a human conducting is uh very of having a human conducting is uh very of having a human conducting is uh very impressive. I think there's something impressive. I think there's something impressive. I think there's something more special going on underneath. Can more special going on underneath. Can more special going on underneath. Can you tell us a bit about how it works? you tell us a bit about how it works? you tell us a bit about how it works? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it sounds magical. So, what can &gt;&gt; Yeah, it sounds magical. So, what can &gt;&gt; Yeah, it sounds magical. So, what can you tell us? you tell us? you tell us? &gt;&gt; Right. You're you're So, you're getting &gt;&gt; Right. You're you're So, you're getting &gt;&gt; Right. You're you're So, you're getting at a core a really core thing. You know, at a core a really core thing. You know, at a core a really core thing. You know, these harnesses, they are um code, these harnesses, they are um code, these harnesses, they are um code, prompts, data, you know, built on top of prompts, data, you know, built on top of prompts, data, you know, built on top of one or more language models, right? And one or more language models, right? And one or more language models, right? And so this is something that in principle so this is something that in principle so this is something that in principle you can build by hand um or with like you can build by hand um or with like you can build by hand um or with like cloud code or whatever. But uh in in cloud code or whatever. But uh in in cloud code or whatever. But uh in in practice it takes a lot of work to do practice it takes a lot of work to do practice it takes a lot of work to do these to to you know have all the these to to you know have all the these to to you know have all the insights uh to make this uh to make insights uh to make this uh to make insights uh to make this uh to make these work well. And so the core these work well. And so the core these work well. And so the core technology that we've developed at technology that we've developed at technology that we've developed at poetic is uh recursive self-improvement. poetic is uh recursive self-improvement. poetic is uh recursive self-improvement. So we we have a recursively So we we have a recursively So we we have a recursively self-improving uh system which we call self-improving uh system which we call self-improving uh system which we call the poetic meta system. the output of the poetic meta system. the output of the poetic meta system. the output of that system is systems that solve hard that system is systems that solve hard that system is systems that solve hard problems. Um where a hard problem is you problems. Um where a hard problem is you problems. Um where a hard problem is you know something that you if you gave it know something that you if you gave it know something that you if you gave it to GPT52 to GPT52 to GPT52 uh it would struggle to give you a uh it would struggle to give you a uh it would struggle to give you a reliable robust result you know just to reliable robust result you know just to reliable robust result you know just to use an example. So this is a a very big use an example. So this is a a very big use an example. So this is a a very big advantage for us. We can generate these advantage for us. We can generate these advantage for us. We can generate these systems in a much more automated manner. systems in a much more automated manner. systems in a much more automated manner. uh which means that we can do it much uh which means that we can do it much uh which means that we can do it much more quickly and much more cheaply than more quickly and much more cheaply than more quickly and much more cheaply than if you hired a team yourself to try to if you hired a team yourself to try to if you hired a team yourself to try to make um your own you know your own agent make um your own you know your own agent make um your own you know your own agent to solve your particular task. But not to solve your particular task. But not to solve your particular task. But not only that um since you know this is only that um since you know this is only that um since you know this is really an automated optimization really an automated optimization really an automated optimization process. If you already have done that process. If you already have done that process. If you already have done that work you you know you're a you're a work you you know you're a you're a work you you know you're a you're a startup that's like going after a startup that's like going after a startup that's like going after a particular vertical and you've put particular vertical and you've put particular vertical and you've put together you know you think you together you know you think you together you know you think you understand your your problem pretty understand your your problem pretty understand your your problem pretty well. You've put together your agent and well. You've put together your agent and well. You've put together your agent and you you uh you know maybe it's working you you uh you know maybe it's working you you uh you know maybe it's working pretty well but you know you can get pretty well but you know you can get pretty well but you know you can get something better or you really need something better or you really need something better or you really need something better. Um then you can bring something better. Um then you can bring something better. Um then you can bring that to us uh and we can optimize uh that to us uh and we can optimize uh that to us uh and we can optimize uh that entire agent or pieces of that that entire agent or pieces of that that entire agent or pieces of that agent. So we could optimize just the agent. So we could optimize just the agent. So we could optimize just the prompts, just the reasoning strategies. prompts, just the reasoning strategies. prompts, just the reasoning strategies. Uh there's a lot of different things Uh there's a lot of different things Uh there's a lot of different things that we can do uh depending on your that we can do uh depending on your that we can do uh depending on your particular needs. particular needs. particular needs. &gt;&gt; It sounds like this is a complete &gt;&gt; It sounds like this is a complete &gt;&gt; It sounds like this is a complete different paradigm than RL because we different paradigm than RL because we different paradigm than RL because we went through the scurve of regular went through the scurve of regular went through the scurve of regular pre-training pre-training pre-training RL with when OpenAI released 01 and now RL with when OpenAI released 01 and now RL with when OpenAI released 01 and now this feels like a new one. It sounds this feels like a new one. It sounds this feels like a new one. It sounds special. It sounds it rhymes a lot with special. It sounds it rhymes a lot with special. It sounds it rhymes a lot with RNN's RNN's RNN's &gt;&gt; which is a whole different paradigm than &gt;&gt; which is a whole different paradigm than &gt;&gt; which is a whole different paradigm than than RL, right? It's going to depend on than RL, right? It's going to depend on than RL, right? It's going to depend on the particular task, the particular type the particular task, the particular type the particular task, the particular type of problem that we're going after that of problem that we're going after that of problem that we're going after that we're trying to solve. Um, and the we're trying to solve. Um, and the we're trying to solve. Um, and the underlying models that we're working underlying models that we're working underlying models that we're working with. But, uh, effectively you could say with. But, uh, effectively you could say with. But, uh, effectively you could say like each model or each set of models like each model or each set of models like each model or each set of models that we're working with will have it that we're working with will have it that we're working with will have it their own uh, scurve. The poetic system, their own uh, scurve. The poetic system, their own uh, scurve. The poetic system, the poetic meta system itself is also the poetic meta system itself is also the poetic meta system itself is also going to have its own scurve. And so as going to have its own scurve. And so as going to have its own scurve. And so as the poetic meta system gets better and the poetic meta system gets better and the poetic meta system gets better and as the underlying models get better, you as the underlying models get better, you as the underlying models get better, you you'll find that the uh you know the you'll find that the uh you know the you'll find that the uh you know the S-curve that you're dealing with keeps S-curve that you're dealing with keeps S-curve that you're dealing with keeps shifting higher and higher until shifting higher and higher until shifting higher and higher until ultimately either you saturate or like ultimately either you saturate or like ultimately either you saturate or like &gt;&gt; reach AGI. &gt;&gt; reach AGI. &gt;&gt; reach AGI. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Reach AGI, reach super &gt;&gt; Yeah. Reach AGI, reach super &gt;&gt; Yeah. Reach AGI, reach super intelligences. Yeah. intelligences. Yeah. intelligences. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Given its stilts, you might like hit the &gt;&gt; Given its stilts, you might like hit the &gt;&gt; Given its stilts, you might like hit the ceiling first then. ceiling first then. ceiling first then. &gt;&gt; That's the goal, right? Yeah, &gt;&gt; That's the goal, right? Yeah, &gt;&gt; That's the goal, right? Yeah, &gt;&gt; you want to hit the ceiling first with &gt;&gt; you want to hit the ceiling first with &gt;&gt; you want to hit the ceiling first with &gt;&gt; I think a lot of startups that we work &gt;&gt; I think a lot of startups that we work &gt;&gt; I think a lot of startups that we work with um and then in my spare time I you with um and then in my spare time I you with um and then in my spare time I you know do a bunch of context engineering know do a bunch of context engineering know do a bunch of context engineering and then the thing is we're sort of like and then the thing is we're sort of like and then the thing is we're sort of like tuning it tuning evals tuning like we're tuning it tuning evals tuning like we're tuning it tuning evals tuning like we're context stuffing ourselves. What does context stuffing ourselves. What does context stuffing ourselves. What does that even feel like to have a you know that even feel like to have a you know that even feel like to have a you know recursively self-improving version of recursively self-improving version of recursively self-improving version of like prompt engineering and context like prompt engineering and context like prompt engineering and context engineering? we don't spend a lot of engineering? we don't spend a lot of engineering? we don't spend a lot of time looking at the particular data that time looking at the particular data that time looking at the particular data that we're working with. Uh instead, we're we're working with. Uh instead, we're we're working with. Uh instead, we're letting the poetic meta system look at letting the poetic meta system look at letting the poetic meta system look at that data and and so like the meta that data and and so like the meta that data and and so like the meta system, you know, if it if it thinks system, you know, if it if it thinks system, you know, if it if it thinks that it needs to put more things into that it needs to put more things into that it needs to put more things into context, it do more context stuffing or context, it do more context stuffing or context, it do more context stuffing or whatever, it'll it'll do that. If it whatever, it'll it'll do that. If it whatever, it'll it'll do that. If it needs to like generate a bunch of needs to like generate a bunch of needs to like generate a bunch of examples um uh to get the get better examples um uh to get the get better examples um uh to get the get better performance, it'll do that for you, performance, it'll do that for you, performance, it'll do that for you, right? It it was pretty interesting to right? It it was pretty interesting to right? It it was pretty interesting to look at the um prompt outputs in look at the um prompt outputs in look at the um prompt outputs in particular I'd say for ArcGI in that you particular I'd say for ArcGI in that you particular I'd say for ArcGI in that you know I think you can read those and say know I think you can read those and say know I think you can read those and say well that's not what a human would have well that's not what a human would have well that's not what a human would have written uh pretty clearly and and it's written uh pretty clearly and and it's written uh pretty clearly and and it's you know there's some unexpected stuff you know there's some unexpected stuff you know there's some unexpected stuff and you know it made some really simple and you know it made some really simple and you know it made some really simple examples and one of the examples is examples and one of the examples is examples and one of the examples is actually wrong but we didn't change it. actually wrong but we didn't change it. actually wrong but we didn't change it. We're like well this is you know this is We're like well this is you know this is We're like well this is you know this is the thing that it output we'll just the thing that it output we'll just the thing that it output we'll just leave it be. um you know we don't want leave it be. um you know we don't want leave it be. um you know we don't want to go in and monkey around with things to go in and monkey around with things to go in and monkey around with things and so historically in machine learning and so historically in machine learning and so historically in machine learning you always you know is like the the rule you always you know is like the the rule you always you know is like the the rule was you have to know your data set was you have to know your data set was you have to know your data set really well um but now we're kind of really well um but now we're kind of really well um but now we're kind of outsourcing that to the AI itself where outsourcing that to the AI itself where outsourcing that to the AI itself where the AI is it's the AI's job to the AI is it's the AI's job to the AI is it's the AI's job to understand the data set and figure out understand the data set and figure out understand the data set and figure out where are the failure modes um and where where are the failure modes um and where where are the failure modes um and where are the kind of robust reasoning are the kind of robust reasoning are the kind of robust reasoning strategies that uh the model that that strategies that uh the model that that strategies that uh the model that that the agent could uh use um to get better the agent could uh use um to get better the agent could uh use um to get better performance. performance. performance. &gt;&gt; How much of it is like much you the &gt;&gt; How much of it is like much you the &gt;&gt; How much of it is like much you the output is much better prompts and then output is much better prompts and then output is much better prompts and then how much of it is like the harness how much of it is like the harness how much of it is like the harness itself uh context stuffing or itself uh context stuffing or itself uh context stuffing or summarizing in the right way or summarizing in the right way or summarizing in the right way or reranking in the right way so that like reranking in the right way so that like reranking in the right way so that like you you have some number of like mega you you have some number of like mega you you have some number of like mega LLM calls and then how do you get the LLM calls and then how do you get the LLM calls and then how do you get the most out of um each of those calls? most out of um each of those calls? most out of um each of those calls? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so that definitely varies per &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so that definitely varies per &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so that definitely varies per problem. But uh what we've seen, in problem. But uh what we've seen, in problem. But uh what we've seen, in fact, our our last paper at DeepMind was fact, our our last paper at DeepMind was fact, our our last paper at DeepMind was not doing this recursive self-improving not doing this recursive self-improving not doing this recursive self-improving stuff, but we were um we were showing stuff, but we were um we were showing stuff, but we were um we were showing that you could build these harnesses um that you could build these harnesses um that you could build these harnesses um manually to solve really hard problems. manually to solve really hard problems. manually to solve really hard problems. And what we saw is there is that uh you And what we saw is there is that uh you And what we saw is there is that uh you know, we manually optimized the prompts know, we manually optimized the prompts know, we manually optimized the prompts really hard for these very hard really hard for these very hard really hard for these very hard problems. And that got us a little bit problems. And that got us a little bit problems. And that got us a little bit of the way uh in this particular case. of the way uh in this particular case. of the way uh in this particular case. you know the the hardest the hardest you know the the hardest the hardest you know the the hardest the hardest task we were working on we got like to task we were working on we got like to task we were working on we got like to 5% performance with Gemini 1.5 flash 5% performance with Gemini 1.5 flash 5% performance with Gemini 1.5 flash this was a while ago and then when we this was a while ago and then when we this was a while ago and then when we added on the the reasoning strategies we added on the the reasoning strategies we added on the the reasoning strategies we went from 5% to 95% went from 5% to 95% went from 5% to 95% &gt;&gt; uh and so this is typically what we see &gt;&gt; uh and so this is typically what we see &gt;&gt; uh and so this is typically what we see you know like everybody's out there kind you know like everybody's out there kind you know like everybody's out there kind of doing some amount I wouldn't say of doing some amount I wouldn't say of doing some amount I wouldn't say everybody but many people are out there everybody but many people are out there everybody but many people are out there kind of doing some amount of automated kind of doing some amount of automated kind of doing some amount of automated prop pro prompt optimization you know prop pro prompt optimization you know prop pro prompt optimization you know Jeepa is this very popular paper Jeepa is this very popular paper Jeepa is this very popular paper everybody's kind of implementing that everybody's kind of implementing that everybody's kind of implementing that that will get you some performance that will get you some performance that will get you some performance improvements, but it's very far from uh improvements, but it's very far from uh improvements, but it's very far from uh everything that you can get uh if you everything that you can get uh if you everything that you can get uh if you actually think about these reasoning actually think about these reasoning actually think about these reasoning strategies that are really going to be strategies that are really going to be strategies that are really going to be written in code rather than in in just written in code rather than in in just written in code rather than in in just better prompts. better prompts. better prompts. &gt;&gt; So if startups want to use poetic to put &gt;&gt; So if startups want to use poetic to put &gt;&gt; So if startups want to use poetic to put their agent on stilts, what should they their agent on stilts, what should they their agent on stilts, what should they do? do? do? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so right now uh we haven't &gt;&gt; Yeah, so right now uh we haven't &gt;&gt; Yeah, so right now uh we haven't released anything yet, but uh if you go released anything yet, but uh if you go released anything yet, but uh if you go to poetic.ai, AI. Uh there is a button to poetic.ai, AI. Uh there is a button to poetic.ai, AI. Uh there is a button you can click to get uh sign up for you can click to get uh sign up for you can click to get uh sign up for early access. And if you're a startup uh early access. And if you're a startup uh early access. And if you're a startup uh or a company who has a really hard or a company who has a really hard or a company who has a really hard problem uh and you've tried everything problem uh and you've tried everything problem uh and you've tried everything that you can to make it uh reliable and that you can to make it uh reliable and that you can to make it uh reliable and robust and you just can't get all the robust and you just can't get all the robust and you just can't get all the way there, you you need something more, way there, you you need something more, way there, you you need something more, then uh let us know. We're looking for then uh let us know. We're looking for then uh let us know. We're looking for problems like that. Uh so just tell us problems like that. Uh so just tell us problems like that. Uh so just tell us tell us what it is that you're working tell us what it is that you're working tell us what it is that you're working on and uh we'll reach out. You'll be the on and uh we'll reach out. You'll be the on and uh we'll reach out. You'll be the first to know when we're when we're first to know when we're when we're first to know when we're when we're ready to work with you. I mean, if ready to work with you. I mean, if ready to work with you. I mean, if you're at the top of um humanity's last you're at the top of um humanity's last you're at the top of um humanity's last exam, then I mean, that's that's pretty exam, then I mean, that's that's pretty exam, then I mean, that's that's pretty big. So, it's you're all you're already big. So, it's you're all you're already big. So, it's you're all you're already all the way out there at soda and then I all the way out there at soda and then I all the way out there at soda and then I guess the stilts basically let any guess the stilts basically let any guess the stilts basically let any agentic company become soda. agentic company become soda. agentic company become soda. &gt;&gt; That's the idea. Yeah. Yeah. And you &gt;&gt; That's the idea. Yeah. Yeah. And you &gt;&gt; That's the idea. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, we view the ArcGI results and the know, we view the ArcGI results and the know, we view the ArcGI results and the humanities last exam results as showing humanities last exam results as showing humanities last exam results as showing kind of two different uh capabilities kind of two different uh capabilities kind of two different uh capabilities that we have. We can really improve your that we have. We can really improve your that we have. We can really improve your reasoning and we can really improve uh reasoning and we can really improve uh reasoning and we can really improve uh deep knowledge extraction uh from these deep knowledge extraction uh from these deep knowledge extraction uh from these models models models &gt;&gt; and then you're just totally vaccinated &gt;&gt; and then you're just totally vaccinated &gt;&gt; and then you're just totally vaccinated against the bitter lesson. against the bitter lesson. against the bitter lesson. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; YC's next batch is now taking &gt;&gt; YC's next batch is now taking &gt;&gt; YC's next batch is now taking applications. Got a startup in you? applications. Got a startup in you? applications. Got a startup in you? Apply at y combinator.com/apply. Apply at y combinator.com/apply. Apply at y combinator.com/apply. It's never too early and filling out the It's never too early and filling out the It's never too early and filling out the app will level up your idea. Okay, back app will level up your idea. Okay, back app will level up your idea. Okay, back to the video. to the video. to the video. &gt;&gt; Slight sort of change change of topic, &gt;&gt; Slight sort of change change of topic, &gt;&gt; Slight sort of change change of topic, but something I was curious about. Uh so but something I was curious about. Uh so but something I was curious about. Uh so you arrived at Google over a decade ago you arrived at Google over a decade ago you arrived at Google over a decade ago when they acquired your first YC startup when they acquired your first YC startup when they acquired your first YC startup at portable. A portable was it's porting at portable. A portable was it's porting at portable. A portable was it's porting mobile apps crossplatform right like mobile apps crossplatform right like mobile apps crossplatform right like Android or or whatever. It's quite Android or or whatever. It's quite Android or or whatever. It's quite different to um recursive self-improving different to um recursive self-improving different to um recursive self-improving AGI. Um how did you make that leap? What AGI. Um how did you make that leap? What AGI. Um how did you make that leap? What happened once you got to Google? Um what happened once you got to Google? Um what happened once you got to Google? Um what made you think that you maybe wanted to made you think that you maybe wanted to made you think that you maybe wanted to shift out and do something different? shift out and do something different? shift out and do something different? And just would love to hear that story. And just would love to hear that story. And just would love to hear that story. the acquisition uh was this amazing the acquisition uh was this amazing the acquisition uh was this amazing opportunity to um reflect on what I opportunity to um reflect on what I opportunity to um reflect on what I really wanted to be doing next, right? really wanted to be doing next, right? really wanted to be doing next, right? Like Google was in, you know, itself is Like Google was in, you know, itself is Like Google was in, you know, itself is a place where you can do so many a place where you can do so many a place where you can do so many different things. Uh so I spent some different things. Uh so I spent some different things. Uh so I spent some time thinking about um where uh where I time thinking about um where uh where I time thinking about um where uh where I wanted to go next in in uh in my wanted to go next in in uh in my wanted to go next in in uh in my journey. I realized that the problems journey. I realized that the problems journey. I realized that the problems that I was most excited about were that I was most excited about were that I was most excited about were really actually AI and uh and robotics. really actually AI and uh and robotics. really actually AI and uh and robotics. Um and the best people in the world, Um and the best people in the world, Um and the best people in the world, many of them in those fields were at many of them in those fields were at many of them in those fields were at Google at the time. Uh and so I went and Google at the time. Uh and so I went and Google at the time. Uh and so I went and talked to them. they uh let me come join talked to them. they uh let me come join talked to them. they uh let me come join you know a new AI robotics team uh in you know a new AI robotics team uh in you know a new AI robotics team uh in Google research which was this amazing Google research which was this amazing Google research which was this amazing opportunity for me since that wasn't my opportunity for me since that wasn't my opportunity for me since that wasn't my background my background was like uh background my background was like uh background my background was like uh computer security and then this computer security and then this computer security and then this crossplatform mobile you know it's crossplatform mobile you know it's crossplatform mobile you know it's systems building uh stuff I was able to systems building uh stuff I was able to systems building uh stuff I was able to join this team and I I'll tell you the join this team and I I'll tell you the join this team and I I'll tell you the truth that uh I very quickly realized truth that uh I very quickly realized truth that uh I very quickly realized that uh hardware is hard uh and I didn't that uh hardware is hard uh and I didn't that uh hardware is hard uh and I didn't really want to be doing robotics is more really want to be doing robotics is more really want to be doing robotics is more aspirational at that moment aspirational at that moment aspirational at that moment uh but I was really um uh passionate uh but I was really um uh passionate uh but I was really um uh passionate about machine learning. So I just uh uh about machine learning. So I just uh uh about machine learning. So I just uh uh made a very hard switch into just doing made a very hard switch into just doing made a very hard switch into just doing machine learning research uh and did machine learning research uh and did machine learning research uh and did that for you know about a decade at that for you know about a decade at that for you know about a decade at Google and and then Google and then deep Google and and then Google and then deep Google and and then Google and then deep mind. mind. mind. &gt;&gt; What's maybe some advice that you have &gt;&gt; What's maybe some advice that you have &gt;&gt; What's maybe some advice that you have today for engineers who want to get into today for engineers who want to get into today for engineers who want to get into sort of more of the AI side probably the sort of more of the AI side probably the sort of more of the AI side probably the applied AI and build startups around AI applied AI and build startups around AI applied AI and build startups around AI like how should they think about that? like how should they think about that? like how should they think about that? You know, the world is changing so You know, the world is changing so You know, the world is changing so quickly. This is probably a little bit quickly. This is probably a little bit quickly. This is probably a little bit obvious, but you should just try things obvious, but you should just try things obvious, but you should just try things and and like every day uh do something and and like every day uh do something and and like every day uh do something uh do something with AI. Always try to uh do something with AI. Always try to uh do something with AI. Always try to push yourself to find the boundaries of push yourself to find the boundaries of push yourself to find the boundaries of what they're capable of. Uh and uh and what they're capable of. Uh and uh and what they're capable of. Uh and uh and build the things that you that you want build the things that you that you want build the things that you that you want to build, right? Um, even even for me, to build, right? Um, even even for me, to build, right? Um, even even for me, you know, last summer I took a weekend you know, last summer I took a weekend you know, last summer I took a weekend and used um GPT5 to help me build an and used um GPT5 to help me build an and used um GPT5 to help me build an iPhone app. I hadn't I hadn't done that iPhone app. I hadn't I hadn't done that iPhone app. I hadn't I hadn't done that in a decade. So fast. in a decade. So fast. in a decade. So fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's so fast and so easy. And that &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's so fast and so easy. And that &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's so fast and so easy. And that was, you know, that was an, you know, an was, you know, that was an, you know, an was, you know, that was an, you know, an age ago. That was like eight months ago. age ago. That was like eight months ago. age ago. That was like eight months ago. Uh, now it's even faster and easier. Uh, now it's even faster and easier. Uh, now it's even faster and easier. Don't limit yourself. Like anything that Don't limit yourself. Like anything that Don't limit yourself. Like anything that you imagine, you should just try to use you imagine, you should just try to use you imagine, you should just try to use AI and see how far you can get with it AI and see how far you can get with it AI and see how far you can get with it and you'll be, you know, making the and you'll be, you know, making the and you'll be, you know, making the world better. That's all we have time world better. That's all we have time world better. That's all we have time for today, but Ian, thank you so much for today, but Ian, thank you so much for today, but Ian, thank you so much for giving us all Stilts. Uh, we can't for giving us all Stilts. Uh, we can't for giving us all Stilts. Uh, we can't wait to use it at YC. I can't wait to wait to use it at YC. I can't wait to wait to use it at YC. I can't wait to use it for Gary's list. I mean, there's use it for Gary's list. I mean, there's use it for Gary's list. I mean, there's just so much to do. So, just so much to do. So, just so much to do. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, thank you for having me. This was &gt;&gt; yeah, thank you for having me. This was &gt;&gt; yeah, thank you for having me. This was a lot of fun.
