When you start learning about agentic AI When you start learning about agentic AI When you start learning about agentic AI frameworks, you come across so many frameworks, you come across so many frameworks, you come across so many terms that it's easy to get confused. In terms that it's easy to get confused. In terms that it's easy to get confused. In this video, I will make an attempt to this video, I will make an attempt to this video, I will make an attempt to give a very simple explanation of the give a very simple explanation of the give a very simple explanation of the difference between these three. So let's difference between these three. So let's difference between these three. So let's start with the basics. When you take any start with the basics. When you take any start with the basics. When you take any LLM, GPD, claim etc., it is trained on LLM, GPD, claim etc., it is trained on LLM, GPD, claim etc., it is trained on some huge volume of internet data. So if some huge volume of internet data. So if some huge volume of internet data. So if you ask a general question like this, it you ask a general question like this, it you ask a general question like this, it will be able to answer. But let's say will be able to answer. But let's say will be able to answer. But let's say you have this clothing store called you have this clothing store called you have this clothing store called Surma E-commerce for which you're Surma E-commerce for which you're Surma E-commerce for which you're building a chatboard which is powered by building a chatboard which is powered by building a chatboard which is powered by LLM and if you ask a question what is a LLM and if you ask a question what is a LLM and if you ask a question what is a refund policy on t-shirt it won't be refund policy on t-shirt it won't be refund policy on t-shirt it won't be able to answer it because it doesn't able to answer it because it doesn't able to answer it because it doesn't have access to your private have access to your private have access to your private organizational data to solve this organizational data to solve this organizational data to solve this problem you build a rag chatbot which is problem you build a rag chatbot which is problem you build a rag chatbot which is retrieval augmented generation where you retrieval augmented generation where you retrieval augmented generation where you provide your policy documents to LLM and provide your policy documents to LLM and provide your policy documents to LLM and it will be able to then fetch the answer it will be able to then fetch the answer it will be able to then fetch the answer out of those documents. ments. So here out of those documents. ments. So here out of those documents. ments. So here step by step what you're doing is you step by step what you're doing is you step by step what you're doing is you are first retrieving the documents then are first retrieving the documents then are first retrieving the documents then you're splitting it into chunks to take you're splitting it into chunks to take you're splitting it into chunks to take care of the context window for llm then care of the context window for llm then care of the context window for llm then you store it in vector database for you store it in vector database for you store it in vector database for semantic search later on then you semantic search later on then you semantic search later on then you retrieve and call llm and so on. Now you retrieve and call llm and so on. Now you retrieve and call llm and so on. Now you can do all of this in Python but lang can do all of this in Python but lang can do all of this in Python but lang chain is a beautiful framework that chain is a beautiful framework that chain is a beautiful framework that makes these things easier by providing makes these things easier by providing makes these things easier by providing readymade classes. So for this it will readymade classes. So for this it will readymade classes. So for this it will have text loader. These are all the have text loader. These are all the have text loader. These are all the classes from lang chain library. If you classes from lang chain library. If you classes from lang chain library. If you categorize LLM powered application into categorize LLM powered application into categorize LLM powered application into two groups then those two groups uh as two groups then those two groups uh as two groups then those two groups uh as per anthropics building effective agent per anthropics building effective agent per anthropics building effective agent guide are workflows and agents. guide are workflows and agents. guide are workflows and agents. Workflows is basically a software where Workflows is basically a software where Workflows is basically a software where one of the component is LLM and one of the component is LLM and one of the component is LLM and remaining things are joined by a remaining things are joined by a remaining things are joined by a predefined core path just like any usual predefined core path just like any usual predefined core path just like any usual software. So let's say you might be software. So let's say you might be software. So let's say you might be loading data from somewhere. Then you're loading data from somewhere. Then you're loading data from somewhere. Then you're doing some pre-processing and then you doing some pre-processing and then you doing some pre-processing and then you use LLM let's say to extract information use LLM let's say to extract information use LLM let's say to extract information out of that text or to do something out of that text or to do something out of that text or to do something else. Okay. Then you have one other else. Okay. Then you have one other else. Okay. Then you have one other step. Then you might have another LLM step. Then you might have another LLM step. Then you might have another LLM call. So this is like a usual software. call. So this is like a usual software. call. So this is like a usual software. It is just that LLM is one or more It is just that LLM is one or more It is just that LLM is one or more component in in that software ecosystem. component in in that software ecosystem. component in in that software ecosystem. This kind of uh thing is called chain This kind of uh thing is called chain This kind of uh thing is called chain and lang chain is a framework that makes and lang chain is a framework that makes and lang chain is a framework that makes building llm powered application easy. building llm powered application easy. building llm powered application easy. Especially it is used mainly to build Especially it is used mainly to build Especially it is used mainly to build straightforward chains whatever we saw. straightforward chains whatever we saw. straightforward chains whatever we saw. So there are steps that you follow to So there are steps that you follow to So there are steps that you follow to build your application and one of the build your application and one of the build your application and one of the step is LLM. So here LLM is not making step is LLM. So here LLM is not making step is LLM. So here LLM is not making any autonomous decision. It is given a any autonomous decision. It is given a any autonomous decision. It is given a predefined task that okay from this text predefined task that okay from this text predefined task that okay from this text extract this information or summarize extract this information or summarize extract this information or summarize this information and remaining thing is this information and remaining thing is this information and remaining thing is all your Python or whatever programming all your Python or whatever programming all your Python or whatever programming language you're using is just code. language you're using is just code. language you're using is just code. Okay. Now let's say you want to build a Okay. Now let's say you want to build a Okay. Now let's say you want to build a complex chatboard where customer is complex chatboard where customer is complex chatboard where customer is asking I want to exchange my t-shirt for asking I want to exchange my t-shirt for asking I want to exchange my t-shirt for a different item and you will then ask a different item and you will then ask a different item and you will then ask for order ID. Right? This is not for order ID. Right? This is not for order ID. Right? This is not something you can just answer in one something you can just answer in one something you can just answer in one shot. Then they will provide order ID. shot. Then they will provide order ID. shot. Then they will provide order ID. Now you'll say okay now with which item Now you'll say okay now with which item Now you'll say okay now with which item you want to replace. So they provide SKU you want to replace. So they provide SKU you want to replace. So they provide SKU and there is some interaction there is and there is some interaction there is and there is some interaction there is some kind of a multi-turn approach here some kind of a multi-turn approach here some kind of a multi-turn approach here to summarize the steps you have to check to summarize the steps you have to check to summarize the steps you have to check first the refund policy for the item first the refund policy for the item first the refund policy for the item that they are returning then you check that they are returning then you check that they are returning then you check order details in the database to make order details in the database to make order details in the database to make sure that you know uh the item is sure that you know uh the item is sure that you know uh the item is eligible and what was the price and so eligible and what was the price and so eligible and what was the price and so on. Then you check availability of the on. Then you check availability of the on. Then you check availability of the new item order new item print shipping new item order new item print shipping new item order new item print shipping label for old item. So this is not like label for old item. So this is not like label for old item. So this is not like a simple question okay what is my refund a simple question okay what is my refund a simple question okay what is my refund policy 30 days this requires multiple policy 30 days this requires multiple policy 30 days this requires multiple steps multiple clarification it's a steps multiple clarification it's a steps multiple clarification it's a complex flow and in each of the flow for complex flow and in each of the flow for complex flow and in each of the flow for refund policy you might have to access refund policy you might have to access refund policy you might have to access your policy documents for checking order your policy documents for checking order your policy documents for checking order details you might have to hit some details you might have to hit some details you might have to hit some database for checking availability of a database for checking availability of a database for checking availability of a new item you might be calling some new item you might be calling some new item you might be calling some micros service some API and to print micros service some API and to print micros service some API and to print label or you might be using some other label or you might be using some other label or you might be using some other software and in each of these steps LLM software and in each of these steps LLM software and in each of these steps LLM will be involved Okay. So, LLM either in will be involved Okay. So, LLM either in will be involved Okay. So, LLM either in all the steps or some of the steps LLM all the steps or some of the steps LLM all the steps or some of the steps LLM will be there and along with LLM you will be there and along with LLM you will be there and along with LLM you have documents, database, API etc. which have documents, database, API etc. which have documents, database, API etc. which will help you perform all these task. will help you perform all these task. will help you perform all these task. So, you are essentially doing goal So, you are essentially doing goal So, you are essentially doing goal oriented planning for a return that oriented planning for a return that oriented planning for a return that customer want to perform in the exchange customer want to perform in the exchange customer want to perform in the exchange of a new item. You first figure out all of a new item. You first figure out all of a new item. You first figure out all these four steps. Then you do multi-step these four steps. Then you do multi-step these four steps. Then you do multi-step reasoning, multi-step planning. You reasoning, multi-step planning. You reasoning, multi-step planning. You perform these steps uh one by one. Now perform these steps uh one by one. Now perform these steps uh one by one. Now let's say some of the steps might fail. let's say some of the steps might fail. let's say some of the steps might fail. Okay. So check the availability of new Okay. So check the availability of new Okay. So check the availability of new item. Let's say it fails. You might have item. Let's say it fails. You might have item. Let's say it fails. You might have to hit different API different color to hit different API different color to hit different API different color something something like that. You know something something like that. You know something something like that. You know then you have access to tools, right? then you have access to tools, right? then you have access to tools, right? These are tools. Knowledge knowledge is These are tools. Knowledge knowledge is These are tools. Knowledge knowledge is all PDF and database knowledge API etc. all PDF and database knowledge API etc. all PDF and database knowledge API etc. are called tools. All right. So this is are called tools. All right. So this is are called tools. All right. So this is an agentic chatboard. Agentic chatboard an agentic chatboard. Agentic chatboard an agentic chatboard. Agentic chatboard works on a complex task. It will divide works on a complex task. It will divide works on a complex task. It will divide it into multiple subtask. Then it will it into multiple subtask. Then it will it into multiple subtask. Then it will perform them one by one. Let's say perform them one by one. Let's say perform them one by one. Let's say second step fails. It will retry it. second step fails. It will retry it. second step fails. It will retry it. Okay. So there is a component of retry, Okay. So there is a component of retry, Okay. So there is a component of retry, feedback, etc. Just like how as humans feedback, etc. Just like how as humans feedback, etc. Just like how as humans we do the work. Let's say you are doing we do the work. Let's say you are doing we do the work. Let's say you are doing coding. You run the code, you find an coding. You run the code, you find an coding. You run the code, you find an error, then you fix the error, you know, error, then you fix the error, you know, error, then you fix the error, you know, you again run the code, then you find you again run the code, then you find you again run the code, then you find let's say another issue, then you fix let's say another issue, then you fix let's say another issue, then you fix that. So it's iterative approach. that. So it's iterative approach. that. So it's iterative approach. Agentic chatboard has some kind of Agentic chatboard has some kind of Agentic chatboard has some kind of autonomy and it will do this kind of autonomy and it will do this kind of autonomy and it will do this kind of multi-step iterative approach to multi-step iterative approach to multi-step iterative approach to accomplish a goal. Now one of the accomplish a goal. Now one of the accomplish a goal. Now one of the popular design for building agentic popular design for building agentic popular design for building agentic application is graph based stateful application is graph based stateful application is graph based stateful workflow. What I mean by that is let's workflow. What I mean by that is let's workflow. What I mean by that is let's say you start somewhere and you are say you start somewhere and you are say you start somewhere and you are making an LLM call. Okay. And then LLM making an LLM call. Okay. And then LLM making an LLM call. Okay. And then LLM will decide what to do as a next step. will decide what to do as a next step. will decide what to do as a next step. So let's say there is some conditional So let's say there is some conditional So let's say there is some conditional logic and LLM might decide to perform logic and LLM might decide to perform logic and LLM might decide to perform step A or step B or it might decide to step A or step B or it might decide to step A or step B or it might decide to make another call to a different LLM and make another call to a different LLM and make another call to a different LLM and same way when you're here this LLM can same way when you're here this LLM can same way when you're here this LLM can also autonomously I mean there will be also autonomously I mean there will be also autonomously I mean there will be some kind of prompt that will be given some kind of prompt that will be given some kind of prompt that will be given but the actual decision is made by this but the actual decision is made by this but the actual decision is made by this LLM in autonomous way it can perform LLM in autonomous way it can perform LLM in autonomous way it can perform either step C D E etc or it can actually either step C D E etc or it can actually either step C D E etc or it can actually call back to the original LLM. So there call back to the original LLM. So there call back to the original LLM. So there are four possible core paths. So this is are four possible core paths. So this is are four possible core paths. So this is a stateful workflow represented as a a stateful workflow represented as a a stateful workflow represented as a graph and langraph is a framework to graph and langraph is a framework to graph and langraph is a framework to orchestrate multi-step orchestrate multi-step orchestrate multi-step stateful workflows using graph-based stateful workflows using graph-based stateful workflows using graph-based structure. Here I'm showing you a code structure. Here I'm showing you a code structure. Here I'm showing you a code of of of one of the graphs we built in in one of the graphs we built in in one of the graphs we built in in Langraph. So you import all these Langraph. So you import all these Langraph. So you import all these libraries. Okay. And then uh you have a libraries. Okay. And then uh you have a libraries. Okay. And then uh you have a this tool. So tool is a dummy python this tool. So tool is a dummy python this tool. So tool is a dummy python tool. It just gets the latest price of tool. It just gets the latest price of tool. It just gets the latest price of any stock Microsoft, Apple etc. And then any stock Microsoft, Apple etc. And then any stock Microsoft, Apple etc. And then uh you design the graph like this. So if uh you design the graph like this. So if uh you design the graph like this. So if I show you the graph is nothing but you I show you the graph is nothing but you I show you the graph is nothing but you start then there's a chatboard and as a start then there's a chatboard and as a start then there's a chatboard and as a tool you have that function the you know tool you have that function the you know tool you have that function the you know get stock price function. Okay. So when get stock price function. Okay. So when get stock price function. Okay. So when you perform all these steps eventually you perform all these steps eventually you perform all these steps eventually when you say I want to buy 20 Amazon when you say I want to buy 20 Amazon when you say I want to buy 20 Amazon stocks it will be able to call that stocks it will be able to call that stocks it will be able to call that function get the price and then you know function get the price and then you know function get the price and then you know it's performing those steps to kind of it's performing those steps to kind of it's performing those steps to kind of call the tool multiple times and then call the tool multiple times and then call the tool multiple times and then give you a total amount for your entire give you a total amount for your entire give you a total amount for your entire stock transaction. If you want to learn stock transaction. If you want to learn stock transaction. If you want to learn lang graph in detail then I have this uh lang graph in detail then I have this uh lang graph in detail then I have this uh tutorial. It's like more than 1 hour tutorial. It's like more than 1 hour tutorial. It's like more than 1 hour tutorial which will walk you through the tutorial which will walk you through the tutorial which will walk you through the entire framework from the very entire framework from the very entire framework from the very beginning. Let's summarize the beginning. Let's summarize the beginning. Let's summarize the difference between these two. So lang difference between these two. So lang difference between these two. So lang chain is a toolkit that allows you to chain is a toolkit that allows you to chain is a toolkit that allows you to build llm apps chains tools agents. build llm apps chains tools agents. build llm apps chains tools agents. Whereas lang graph is a framework that Whereas lang graph is a framework that Whereas lang graph is a framework that is used mainly for agent. So just is used mainly for agent. So just is used mainly for agent. So just remember if you are writing a simple remember if you are writing a simple remember if you are writing a simple linear workflows you use lang chain but linear workflows you use lang chain but linear workflows you use lang chain but if you want to build complex agents use if you want to build complex agents use if you want to build complex agents use lang graph. style for lang chain is lang graph. style for lang chain is lang graph. style for lang chain is linear and reactive. Reactive means like linear and reactive. Reactive means like linear and reactive. Reactive means like you give some task it will return the you give some task it will return the you give some task it will return the response okay input output whereas lang response okay input output whereas lang response okay input output whereas lang graph has a graph base supports it graph has a graph base supports it graph has a graph base supports it supports loops retries you know it will supports loops retries you know it will supports loops retries you know it will retry to fix the error and kind of get retry to fix the error and kind of get retry to fix the error and kind of get the thing done it also has a memory base the thing done it also has a memory base the thing done it also has a memory base use case for lang chain is simple use case for lang chain is simple use case for lang chain is simple chatboard rag etc lang graph is as I chatboard rag etc lang graph is as I chatboard rag etc lang graph is as I said multi-step workflows complex agents said multi-step workflows complex agents said multi-step workflows complex agents and lang chain is partially stateful and lang chain is partially stateful and lang chain is partially stateful where lang graph has a state in that where lang graph has a state in that where lang graph has a state in that graph. So if you refer to my lang graph graph. So if you refer to my lang graph graph. So if you refer to my lang graph tutorial, you will get better tutorial, you will get better tutorial, you will get better understanding just in case if you don't understanding just in case if you don't understanding just in case if you don't know about graphs and states. Uh and know about graphs and states. Uh and know about graphs and states. Uh and here are the example use cases. Now what here are the example use cases. Now what here are the example use cases. Now what is lang? Well, lang is a debugging and is lang? Well, lang is a debugging and is lang? Well, lang is a debugging and observability platform folks. So if you observability platform folks. So if you observability platform folks. So if you look at the architecture, look at the architecture, look at the architecture, see this is an entire like ecosystem see this is an entire like ecosystem see this is an entire like ecosystem where you have lang and langraph they where you have lang and langraph they where you have lang and langraph they both are open source. Okay. Then you both are open source. Okay. Then you both are open source. Okay. Then you have langsmith which is uh doing the have langsmith which is uh doing the have langsmith which is uh doing the work of debugging playground prompt work of debugging playground prompt work of debugging playground prompt management monitoring you know so let's management monitoring you know so let's management monitoring you know so let's say if you deploy the aentki system in say if you deploy the aentki system in say if you deploy the aentki system in the production you want to monitor the production you want to monitor the production you want to monitor whether it's performing well you want to whether it's performing well you want to whether it's performing well you want to monitor your token cost okay it's not monitor your token cost okay it's not monitor your token cost okay it's not like you're spending millions of dollars like you're spending millions of dollars like you're spending millions of dollars in your token cost so all of those in your token cost so all of those in your token cost so all of those failures evaluation all of those things failures evaluation all of those things failures evaluation all of those things are done through langmmith so here is a are done through langmmith so here is a are done through langmmith so here is a lang UI where there's this demo demo app lang UI where there's this demo demo app lang UI where there's this demo demo app and really here you can see all the and really here you can see all the and really here you can see all the individual calls right you called vector individual calls right you called vector individual calls right you called vector database then you called chat GPT okay database then you called chat GPT okay database then you called chat GPT okay what was the input what was the output what was the input what was the output what was the input what was the output how many tokens did you use 390 what was how many tokens did you use 390 what was how many tokens did you use 390 what was the latency so you can monitor all of the latency so you can monitor all of the latency so you can monitor all of that this is just tracing but you can do that this is just tracing but you can do that this is just tracing but you can do much more than this if you want to learn much more than this if you want to learn much more than this if you want to learn these things in detail once again I have these things in detail once again I have these things in detail once again I have complete tutorials if you have any complete tutorials if you have any complete tutorials if you have any questions please post in the comment box questions please post in the comment box questions please post in the comment box below I hope you got some understanding below I hope you got some understanding below I hope you got some understanding of lang lang graph and Lang Smith. If of lang lang graph and Lang Smith. If of lang lang graph and Lang Smith. If you like this video, give it a thumbs up you like this video, give it a thumbs up you like this video, give it a thumbs up and share it with your friends. and share it with your friends. and share it with your friends. [Music]
