Today I'm going to show you guys how you Today I'm going to show you guys how you Today I'm going to show you guys how you can automate anything with NADN agent can automate anything with NADN agent can automate anything with NADN agent swarms. This type of multi-agent system swarms. This type of multi-agent system swarms. This type of multi-agent system is insanely powerful and you don't need is insanely powerful and you don't need is insanely powerful and you don't need any prior coding experience to set one any prior coding experience to set one any prior coding experience to set one up. So I'm going to be walking over a up. So I'm going to be walking over a up. So I'm going to be walking over a few live examples of me using this few live examples of me using this few live examples of me using this executive agent swarm. Then I'm going to executive agent swarm. Then I'm going to executive agent swarm. Then I'm going to talk about how it works, how I built it, talk about how it works, how I built it, talk about how it works, how I built it, and I'm also going to give you and I'm also going to give you and I'm also going to give you everything you need to set this up for everything you need to set this up for everything you need to set this up for yourself for completely free. So make yourself for completely free. So make yourself for completely free. So make sure to stick around and I'll show you sure to stick around and I'll show you sure to stick around and I'll show you how you can access that. All right, so how you can access that. All right, so how you can access that. All right, so I've got Telegram pulled up on my phone I've got Telegram pulled up on my phone I've got Telegram pulled up on my phone and I'm going to go ahead and send our and I'm going to go ahead and send our and I'm going to go ahead and send our agent a message. Please find me four agent a message. Please find me four agent a message. Please find me four high performing YouTube videos about N8N high performing YouTube videos about N8N high performing YouTube videos about N8N and then send that as an email to Dexter and then send that as an email to Dexter and then send that as an email to Dexter Morgan. And then finally, also let me Morgan. And then finally, also let me Morgan. And then finally, also let me know about the weather today in Chicago. know about the weather today in Chicago. know about the weather today in Chicago. All right, so I just sent that off and All right, so I just sent that off and All right, so I just sent that off and now our agent's basically going to get now our agent's basically going to get now our agent's basically going to get that transcribed audio and now it's that transcribed audio and now it's that transcribed audio and now it's going to decide between its five going to decide between its five going to decide between its five different agents which ones to call. So different agents which ones to call. So different agents which ones to call. So you can already see it finished up you can already see it finished up you can already see it finished up calling the web agent to get the calling the web agent to get the calling the web agent to get the weather. It called the contact agent to weather. It called the contact agent to weather. It called the contact agent to get Dexter Morgan's email address. And get Dexter Morgan's email address. And get Dexter Morgan's email address. And now it's calling the YouTube agent in now it's calling the YouTube agent in now it's calling the YouTube agent in order to actually find YouTube videos order to actually find YouTube videos order to actually find YouTube videos that are high performing and about nodn. that are high performing and about nodn. that are high performing and about nodn. And so that's the power of an agent And so that's the power of an agent And so that's the power of an agent swarm. This main orchestrator parent swarm. This main orchestrator parent swarm. This main orchestrator parent agent, all it has to do is understand, agent, all it has to do is understand, agent, all it has to do is understand, okay, I have five different agents. okay, I have five different agents. okay, I have five different agents. Which ones should I use? Rather than Which ones should I use? Rather than Which ones should I use? Rather than saying, okay, I have like 30 tools. saying, okay, I have like 30 tools. saying, okay, I have like 30 tools. Which tools do I use? And this framework Which tools do I use? And this framework Which tools do I use? And this framework makes our results more consistent and makes our results more consistent and makes our results more consistent and higher quality because each agent is higher quality because each agent is higher quality because each agent is very specialized. And now that the agent very specialized. And now that the agent very specialized. And now that the agent has all it needs, it decides, okay, now has all it needs, it decides, okay, now has all it needs, it decides, okay, now I can call the email agent to send that I can call the email agent to send that I can call the email agent to send that email to Dexter Morgan. So, you can see email to Dexter Morgan. So, you can see email to Dexter Morgan. So, you can see it just fired off that email with the it just fired off that email with the it just fired off that email with the send email tool, and now it's going to send email tool, and now it's going to send email tool, and now it's going to log all of its outputs and respond to us log all of its outputs and respond to us log all of its outputs and respond to us in Telegram. All right, so it just in Telegram. All right, so it just in Telegram. All right, so it just finished up. I got my Telegram message finished up. I got my Telegram message finished up. I got my Telegram message back, but I'm just going to pull it up back, but I'm just going to pull it up back, but I'm just going to pull it up on my desktop so you guys can see it as on my desktop so you guys can see it as on my desktop so you guys can see it as well. It said, "I have found four high well. It said, "I have found four high well. It said, "I have found four high performing videos about NAN and sent performing videos about NAN and sent performing videos about NAN and sent them in an email to Dexter Morgan. I them in an email to Dexter Morgan. I them in an email to Dexter Morgan. I also included today's weather in also included today's weather in also included today's weather in Chicago, which is overcast clouds with a Chicago, which is overcast clouds with a Chicago, which is overcast clouds with a temperature of 81掳." If I look outside temperature of 81掳." If I look outside temperature of 81掳." If I look outside right now, I can see that it is indeed right now, I can see that it is indeed right now, I can see that it is indeed overcast clouds. When I hop over to my overcast clouds. When I hop over to my overcast clouds. When I hop over to my email, we can see that we just have one email, we can see that we just have one email, we can see that we just have one sent to dextermiami.com sent to dextermiami.com sent to dextermiami.com and it has four high performing videos and it has four high performing videos and it has four high performing videos about Nitn. Each of these include the about Nitn. Each of these include the about Nitn. Each of these include the title, the channel, a link to the full title, the channel, a link to the full title, the channel, a link to the full video, how many views it has, how many video, how many views it has, how many video, how many views it has, how many likes, and how long the actual video is. likes, and how long the actual video is. likes, and how long the actual video is. So that's awesome. It did what we wanted So that's awesome. It did what we wanted So that's awesome. It did what we wanted it to. It called the right agents, but it to. It called the right agents, but it to. It called the right agents, but not only did it do the right tasks, but not only did it do the right tasks, but not only did it do the right tasks, but it also logged everything so we can look it also logged everything so we can look it also logged everything so we can look and have full visibility. So that's and have full visibility. So that's and have full visibility. So that's exactly what's going on in this portion exactly what's going on in this portion exactly what's going on in this portion of the workflow. So if I head over to of the workflow. So if I head over to of the workflow. So if I head over to this Google sheet, you can see that we this Google sheet, you can see that we this Google sheet, you can see that we have the time of the run, we have the have the time of the run, we have the have the time of the run, we have the inputs, we have the outputs, we have the inputs, we have the outputs, we have the inputs, we have the outputs, we have the actions that were taken, and then also actions that were taken, and then also actions that were taken, and then also how many tokens were used up. So in the how many tokens were used up. So in the how many tokens were used up. So in the actions, this is really cool because we actions, this is really cool because we actions, this is really cool because we can see first it called the contact can see first it called the contact can see first it called the contact agent and it basically got Dexter's agent and it basically got Dexter's agent and it basically got Dexter's email, which was dextermiami.com. email, which was dextermiami.com. email, which was dextermiami.com. Then it went to the web agent to get the Then it went to the web agent to get the Then it went to the web agent to get the weather in Chicago and it got the weather in Chicago and it got the weather in Chicago and it got the weather. Then it used the YouTube agent weather. Then it used the YouTube agent weather. Then it used the YouTube agent to find four high performing YouTube to find four high performing YouTube to find four high performing YouTube videos about NAND. And then finally, it videos about NAND. And then finally, it videos about NAND. And then finally, it called the email agent to send that called the email agent to send that called the email agent to send that email to Dexter Morgan. And we can see email to Dexter Morgan. And we can see email to Dexter Morgan. And we can see it called different agents. It had it called different agents. It had it called different agents. It had different prompts it had to run through. different prompts it had to run through. different prompts it had to run through. And it costed us a total here of 5,000 And it costed us a total here of 5,000 And it costed us a total here of 5,000 tokens using GPT4.1 Mini. So that's a tokens using GPT4.1 Mini. So that's a tokens using GPT4.1 Mini. So that's a cool little system. So you can see what cool little system. So you can see what cool little system. So you can see what actions your agents are calling and actions your agents are calling and actions your agents are calling and stuff like that. But let's head back stuff like that. But let's head back stuff like that. But let's head back over to the workflow and let me start to over to the workflow and let me start to over to the workflow and let me start to break down how this actually works. So break down how this actually works. So break down how this actually works. So if you've seen my channel before, you if you've seen my channel before, you if you've seen my channel before, you may have come across this video where I may have come across this video where I may have come across this video where I built an ultimate personal assistant, built an ultimate personal assistant, built an ultimate personal assistant, which is kind of similar to what we're which is kind of similar to what we're which is kind of similar to what we're looking at today. The main difference looking at today. The main difference looking at today. The main difference here is that Naden just released an here is that Naden just released an here is that Naden just released an update which allows us to keep our update which allows us to keep our update which allows us to keep our agents all in the same workflow rather agents all in the same workflow rather agents all in the same workflow rather than in this version where the ultimate than in this version where the ultimate than in this version where the ultimate assistant calls this subworkflow and we assistant calls this subworkflow and we assistant calls this subworkflow and we can't really see what's going on and can't really see what's going on and can't really see what's going on and this is basically the workflow it calls this is basically the workflow it calls this is basically the workflow it calls because of this update which was like because of this update which was like because of this update which was like 1.103. We can now keep all of our agents 1.103. We can now keep all of our agents 1.103. We can now keep all of our agents in the same place and we can visually in the same place and we can visually in the same place and we can visually watch everything happen on the same watch everything happen on the same watch everything happen on the same screen. And what's cool about having a screen. And what's cool about having a screen. And what's cool about having a swarm framework where we have different swarm framework where we have different swarm framework where we have different agents for each different task, the main agents for each different task, the main agents for each different task, the main one only has to think about, okay, if one only has to think about, okay, if one only has to think about, okay, if the user wants something to do with the user wants something to do with the user wants something to do with email, I'm not going to worry about email, I'm not going to worry about email, I'm not going to worry about which tools. I'm just going to send it which tools. I'm just going to send it which tools. I'm just going to send it to the email agent and the email agent to the email agent and the email agent to the email agent and the email agent will figure it all out because as you will figure it all out because as you will figure it all out because as you can see here, every single agent has its can see here, every single agent has its can see here, every single agent has its own brain. They each have their own chat own brain. They each have their own chat own brain. They each have their own chat models and that means that they also models and that means that they also models and that means that they also each have their own system prompts. So, each have their own system prompts. So, each have their own system prompts. So, we're able to split up all the system we're able to split up all the system we're able to split up all the system prompts and make each agent's job very prompts and make each agent's job very prompts and make each agent's job very specific and increase the quality of specific and increase the quality of specific and increase the quality of their outputs. It also gives us the their outputs. It also gives us the their outputs. It also gives us the flexibility to have different chat flexibility to have different chat flexibility to have different chat models for different agents. In this models for different agents. In this models for different agents. In this case, I'm using GPT 4.1 Mini for all of case, I'm using GPT 4.1 Mini for all of case, I'm using GPT 4.1 Mini for all of them. But if something's really simple, them. But if something's really simple, them. But if something's really simple, maybe like grabbing contact information. maybe like grabbing contact information. maybe like grabbing contact information. We could switch this out for a cheaper We could switch this out for a cheaper We could switch this out for a cheaper model like Google Flash. And if you model like Google Flash. And if you model like Google Flash. And if you notice that your emails sound too much notice that your emails sound too much notice that your emails sound too much like AI and you want them to be written like AI and you want them to be written like AI and you want them to be written better, you could maybe switch out to better, you could maybe switch out to better, you could maybe switch out to something like a more expensive something like a more expensive something like a more expensive anthropic model. So, not only do you anthropic model. So, not only do you anthropic model. So, not only do you have more flexibility, but like I said, have more flexibility, but like I said, have more flexibility, but like I said, higher quality outputs. And so, if higher quality outputs. And so, if higher quality outputs. And so, if you're thinking to yourself, okay, so you're thinking to yourself, okay, so you're thinking to yourself, okay, so there's six different agents, there's there's six different agents, there's there's six different agents, there's six different memories. They're not six different memories. They're not six different memories. They're not going to work very cohesively as a team. going to work very cohesively as a team. going to work very cohesively as a team. Well, you'd be wrong. What we can do is Well, you'd be wrong. What we can do is Well, you'd be wrong. What we can do is we can have all six agents hooked up to we can have all six agents hooked up to we can have all six agents hooked up to the same memory. In this case, I don't, the same memory. In this case, I don't, the same memory. In this case, I don't, just because each of these sub agents just because each of these sub agents just because each of these sub agents jobs are super specific to like a jobs are super specific to like a jobs are super specific to like a one-time task, like sending an email, one-time task, like sending an email, one-time task, like sending an email, creating an event, doing research. So, creating an event, doing research. So, creating an event, doing research. So, they don't really need full context. But they don't really need full context. But they don't really need full context. But as you can see, each agent has the as you can see, each agent has the as you can see, each agent has the ability to add memory, just like our ability to add memory, just like our ability to add memory, just like our main agent right here has memory. And main agent right here has memory. And main agent right here has memory. And the way that memory works is it's stored the way that memory works is it's stored the way that memory works is it's stored based on a session ID. And I don't want based on a session ID. And I don't want based on a session ID. And I don't want to get too technical here, but basically to get too technical here, but basically to get too technical here, but basically think of a session ID like a contact. In think of a session ID like a contact. In think of a session ID like a contact. In your phone, you have different contacts. your phone, you have different contacts. your phone, you have different contacts. And each contact you have different And each contact you have different And each contact you have different conversations. So, as long as we have conversations. So, as long as we have conversations. So, as long as we have all of the agents hooked up to the same all of the agents hooked up to the same all of the agents hooked up to the same session ID for their memory, they'll all session ID for their memory, they'll all session ID for their memory, they'll all be looking at the same conversation when be looking at the same conversation when be looking at the same conversation when they're taking action. So depending on they're taking action. So depending on they're taking action. So depending on the situation, your agents may need to the situation, your agents may need to the situation, your agents may need to all be linked together with some sort of all be linked together with some sort of all be linked together with some sort of session ID for memory. But in this case session ID for memory. But in this case session ID for memory. But in this case where each agent is basically just where each agent is basically just where each agent is basically just getting a task, doing the job, and then getting a task, doing the job, and then getting a task, doing the job, and then moving on with their day, we don't need moving on with their day, we don't need moving on with their day, we don't need them to be linked together. But the them to be linked together. But the them to be linked together. But the reason I wanted to bring that up is reason I wanted to bring that up is reason I wanted to bring that up is because in the past when you wanted to because in the past when you wanted to because in the past when you wanted to pass over a variable like a session ID pass over a variable like a session ID pass over a variable like a session ID from main agent to a sub agent, you'd from main agent to a sub agent, you'd from main agent to a sub agent, you'd have to pass it through as a separate have to pass it through as a separate have to pass it through as a separate variable. But here, it's really easy variable. But here, it's really easy variable. But here, it's really easy because everything's in the same because everything's in the same because everything's in the same workflow. I could easily add a memory to workflow. I could easily add a memory to workflow. I could easily add a memory to the email agent and all I'd have to do the email agent and all I'd have to do the email agent and all I'd have to do is reference the actual Telegram trigger is reference the actual Telegram trigger is reference the actual Telegram trigger chat ID that I was using in the earlier chat ID that I was using in the earlier chat ID that I was using in the earlier memory. So now that that's linked up, we memory. So now that that's linked up, we memory. So now that that's linked up, we would basically have our email sub agent would basically have our email sub agent would basically have our email sub agent and our main agent always looking at the and our main agent always looking at the and our main agent always looking at the same conversation. So they're basically same conversation. So they're basically same conversation. So they're basically linked up. Let's do one more example linked up. Let's do one more example linked up. Let's do one more example that's even a little more complex to that's even a little more complex to that's even a little more complex to show you guys how the agent handles it. show you guys how the agent handles it. show you guys how the agent handles it. All right, so our agent's listening. I'm All right, so our agent's listening. I'm All right, so our agent's listening. I'm going to send it another message in going to send it another message in going to send it another message in Telegram. Please get my YouTube video Telegram. Please get my YouTube video Telegram. Please get my YouTube video ideas from the database. do some ideas from the database. do some ideas from the database. do some research on them with Tavi and then send research on them with Tavi and then send research on them with Tavi and then send that research brief in an email to that research brief in an email to that research brief in an email to Michael Scott and then make a calendar Michael Scott and then make a calendar Michael Scott and then make a calendar event for today at 4M to go over that event for today at 4M to go over that event for today at 4M to go over that research with Michael Scott. All right, research with Michael Scott. All right, research with Michael Scott. All right, so I'm going to send that off. This is a so I'm going to send that off. This is a so I'm going to send that off. This is a pretty loaded task, so we'll see how the pretty loaded task, so we'll see how the pretty loaded task, so we'll see how the agent handles it. It's going to have to agent handles it. It's going to have to agent handles it. It's going to have to call multiple different agents here. You call multiple different agents here. You call multiple different agents here. You can see it's calling the YouTube agent can see it's calling the YouTube agent can see it's calling the YouTube agent to get our ideas. It called the contact to get our ideas. It called the contact to get our ideas. It called the contact agent to get Michael Scott's contact agent to get Michael Scott's contact agent to get Michael Scott's contact information. And now it's calling the information. And now it's calling the information. And now it's calling the web agent and it's going to do some web agent and it's going to do some web agent and it's going to do some research on those YouTube video ideas. I research on those YouTube video ideas. I research on those YouTube video ideas. I think I told it to use Tavi, but it think I told it to use Tavi, but it think I told it to use Tavi, but it probably transcribed it a little bit probably transcribed it a little bit probably transcribed it a little bit poorly, so it decided to use Perplexity. poorly, so it decided to use Perplexity. poorly, so it decided to use Perplexity. But that's completely fine. The agent But that's completely fine. The agent But that's completely fine. The agent made the decision and it's going to do made the decision and it's going to do made the decision and it's going to do some research on our YouTube video some research on our YouTube video some research on our YouTube video ideas. Either way, it's finishing up ideas. Either way, it's finishing up ideas. Either way, it's finishing up that research and now it's going to call that research and now it's going to call that research and now it's going to call the email agent and the calendar agent the email agent and the calendar agent the email agent and the calendar agent to make that calendar event and send off to make that calendar event and send off to make that calendar event and send off that email. Okay, so it just finished that email. Okay, so it just finished that email. Okay, so it just finished calling the calendar agent and calling the calendar agent and calling the calendar agent and everything's finished up. I'm going to everything's finished up. I'm going to everything's finished up. I'm going to go ahead and switch over to our email go ahead and switch over to our email go ahead and switch over to our email and we'll take a quick look. Okay, so and we'll take a quick look. Okay, so and we'll take a quick look. Okay, so here's our sent email to here's our sent email to here's our sent email to mike@cratescott.com. mike@cratescott.com. mike@cratescott.com. We have three different YouTube video We have three different YouTube video We have three different YouTube video ideas and you can see inbox to action, ideas and you can see inbox to action, ideas and you can see inbox to action, autoscrape leads, YouTube content autoscrape leads, YouTube content autoscrape leads, YouTube content engine. These are the video ideas that engine. These are the video ideas that engine. These are the video ideas that existed already in my YouTube video existed already in my YouTube video existed already in my YouTube video ideas database. And for each of these ideas database. And for each of these ideas database. And for each of these videos, what it did is it used videos, what it did is it used videos, what it did is it used perplexity to research them and perplexity to research them and perplexity to research them and basically helps me figure out how I can basically helps me figure out how I can basically helps me figure out how I can make these different workflows for a make these different workflows for a make these different workflows for a YouTube video. And if you remember, we YouTube video. And if you remember, we YouTube video. And if you remember, we asked the agent to create a calendar asked the agent to create a calendar asked the agent to create a calendar event as well with Michael Scott. So, if event as well with Michael Scott. So, if event as well with Michael Scott. So, if I go over in my calendar, we should see I go over in my calendar, we should see I go over in my calendar, we should see that we have review research brief on that we have review research brief on that we have review research brief on YouTube video ideas at 4 p.m. And we YouTube video ideas at 4 p.m. And we YouTube video ideas at 4 p.m. And we added Mike at Great Scott as an attendee added Mike at Great Scott as an attendee added Mike at Great Scott as an attendee to the event. And of course, the final to the event. And of course, the final to the event. And of course, the final piece of the puzzle here is that the piece of the puzzle here is that the piece of the puzzle here is that the agent should have logged everything in agent should have logged everything in agent should have logged everything in the Google sheet. So, if we come over the Google sheet. So, if we come over the Google sheet. So, if we come over here, we can see we had a new run at here, we can see we had a new run at here, we can see we had a new run at 11:36. We have the input, we have the 11:36. We have the input, we have the 11:36. We have the input, we have the output, we have the tools that were output, we have the tools that were output, we have the tools that were called, which in this case was all five called, which in this case was all five called, which in this case was all five agents were used in this run. And then agents were used in this run. And then agents were used in this run. And then this one costed us a total of 8,500 this one costed us a total of 8,500 this one costed us a total of 8,500 tokens. So, I don't want to waste the tokens. So, I don't want to waste the tokens. So, I don't want to waste the whole video with demoing all the whole video with demoing all the whole video with demoing all the different use cases. is I hope you guys different use cases. is I hope you guys different use cases. is I hope you guys can see how cool and how powerful this can see how cool and how powerful this can see how cool and how powerful this agent swarm is. And now what we're going agent swarm is. And now what we're going agent swarm is. And now what we're going to do is step by step build one to do is step by step build one to do is step by step build one together, just a really mini version of together, just a really mini version of together, just a really mini version of this one so that you guys can get a this one so that you guys can get a this one so that you guys can get a taste of how you can come in here and taste of how you can come in here and taste of how you can come in here and build your own executive agent swarm. build your own executive agent swarm. build your own executive agent swarm. All right, so here we are in a fresh All right, so here we are in a fresh All right, so here we are in a fresh blank canvas and what I'm going to do is blank canvas and what I'm going to do is blank canvas and what I'm going to do is hit tab and I'm going to grab in an AI hit tab and I'm going to grab in an AI hit tab and I'm going to grab in an AI agent. So here we have our AI agent and agent. So here we have our AI agent and agent. So here we have our AI agent and the first thing we need to do is connect the first thing we need to do is connect the first thing we need to do is connect a chat model which is basically going to a chat model which is basically going to a chat model which is basically going to be the brain for the AI agent. And so be the brain for the AI agent. And so be the brain for the AI agent. And so what I like to do is I like to use open what I like to do is I like to use open what I like to do is I like to use open router. So if you go to open router.ai, router. So if you go to open router.ai, router. So if you go to open router.ai, AI. Go ahead and make an account. And in AI. Go ahead and make an account. And in AI. Go ahead and make an account. And in the top right, what you're going to want the top right, what you're going to want the top right, what you're going to want to do is go to your keys. In here, to do is go to your keys. In here, to do is go to your keys. In here, you'll be able to create an API key, you'll be able to create an API key, you'll be able to create an API key, which is kind of a fancy word for a which is kind of a fancy word for a which is kind of a fancy word for a password. And what you're going to do is password. And what you're going to do is password. And what you're going to do is create your API key. Name it whatever create your API key. Name it whatever create your API key. Name it whatever you want. And then once you create that, you want. And then once you create that, you want. And then once you create that, you're going to get this unique value, you're going to get this unique value, you're going to get this unique value, which you will copy. Once you copy that which you will copy. Once you copy that which you will copy. Once you copy that value, you're going to go into N, add a value, you're going to go into N, add a value, you're going to go into N, add a chat model. You're going to scroll down chat model. You're going to scroll down chat model. You're going to scroll down to open router. And all you need to do to open router. And all you need to do to open router. And all you need to do is create a new account, and you're is create a new account, and you're is create a new account, and you're going to paste in your API key right going to paste in your API key right going to paste in your API key right here. Once you've saved, it should go here. Once you've saved, it should go here. Once you've saved, it should go green. And basically this tells us that green. And basically this tells us that green. And basically this tells us that our agent has access to some sort of our agent has access to some sort of our agent has access to some sort of brain. Just make sure in open router you brain. Just make sure in open router you brain. Just make sure in open router you have billing information inserted have billing information inserted have billing information inserted otherwise you won't be able to use it. otherwise you won't be able to use it. otherwise you won't be able to use it. And so now if I click into this node I And so now if I click into this node I And so now if I click into this node I can basically choose which chat model I can basically choose which chat model I can basically choose which chat model I want to use. And as you can see there want to use. And as you can see there want to use. And as you can see there are a ton. So that's why I like to use are a ton. So that's why I like to use are a ton. So that's why I like to use open router. So from here what we're open router. So from here what we're open router. So from here what we're going to do is add our first agent which going to do is add our first agent which going to do is add our first agent which is going to be an email agent. I would is going to be an email agent. I would is going to be an email agent. I would basically add this agent as a tool. And basically add this agent as a tool. And basically add this agent as a tool. And now what we can do rather than what we now what we can do rather than what we now what we can do rather than what we used to do in this version of the used to do in this version of the used to do in this version of the Ultimate Assistant where we called a sub Ultimate Assistant where we called a sub Ultimate Assistant where we called a sub workflow as a tool. What we're able to workflow as a tool. What we're able to workflow as a tool. What we're able to do is literally just type an AI agent do is literally just type an AI agent do is literally just type an AI agent and we can add an AI agent as a tool. So and we can add an AI agent as a tool. So and we can add an AI agent as a tool. So we have a whole agent baked in right we have a whole agent baked in right we have a whole agent baked in right here and we're going to have to connect here and we're going to have to connect here and we're going to have to connect a chat model. We'll have to do all the a chat model. We'll have to do all the a chat model. We'll have to do all the other things. So now this main agent is other things. So now this main agent is other things. So now this main agent is basically just in charge of this sub basically just in charge of this sub basically just in charge of this sub agent. So once again, real quick, I'm agent. So once again, real quick, I'm agent. So once again, real quick, I'm going to add a brain to this guy. So I'm going to add a brain to this guy. So I'm going to add a brain to this guy. So I'm going to scroll down to open router and going to scroll down to open router and going to scroll down to open router and we already have our credentials set up. we already have our credentials set up. we already have our credentials set up. So it's that easy. So, like I said, So it's that easy. So, like I said, So it's that easy. So, like I said, we're going to make this agent an email we're going to make this agent an email we're going to make this agent an email agent. So, I'm just going to name it agent. So, I'm just going to name it agent. So, I'm just going to name it email agent. I'm going to put a email agent. I'm going to put a email agent. I'm going to put a description in here that says email description in here that says email description in here that says email agent to take action with email. And agent to take action with email. And agent to take action with email. And then what I'm going to do for the user then what I'm going to do for the user then what I'm going to do for the user message is I'm just going to hit this message is I'm just going to hit this message is I'm just going to hit this button right here that lets the model button right here that lets the model button right here that lets the model define this parameter. define this parameter. define this parameter. What this means is that when the main What this means is that when the main What this means is that when the main agent decides, okay, I'm going to use agent decides, okay, I'm going to use agent decides, okay, I'm going to use the email agent, it's basically going to the email agent, it's basically going to the email agent, it's basically going to say, here's what you do. And that is say, here's what you do. And that is say, here's what you do. And that is what's happening right here in the user what's happening right here in the user what's happening right here in the user message. And just to show you guys an message. And just to show you guys an message. And just to show you guys an example of that to make it make a little example of that to make it make a little example of that to make it make a little more sense, we had this main agent, more sense, we had this main agent, more sense, we had this main agent, right? And it decided to call the right? And it decided to call the right? And it decided to call the YouTube agent. And so when it called the YouTube agent. And so when it called the YouTube agent. And so when it called the YouTube agent, it filled in the user YouTube agent, it filled in the user YouTube agent, it filled in the user message with get my YouTube video ideas message with get my YouTube video ideas message with get my YouTube video ideas from the database. So it's basically from the database. So it's basically from the database. So it's basically just the main agent telling this sub just the main agent telling this sub just the main agent telling this sub agent what to do. And if it hasn't quite agent what to do. And if it hasn't quite agent what to do. And if it hasn't quite stuck yet, let's also look at the stuck yet, let's also look at the stuck yet, let's also look at the contact agent. The main agent said, contact agent. The main agent said, contact agent. The main agent said, "Okay, I'm going to use you, Mr. Contact "Okay, I'm going to use you, Mr. Contact "Okay, I'm going to use you, Mr. Contact agent, and what I want you to do is get agent, and what I want you to do is get agent, and what I want you to do is get contact information for Michael Scott." contact information for Michael Scott." contact information for Michael Scott." Okay, so hopefully that all makes sense Okay, so hopefully that all makes sense Okay, so hopefully that all makes sense now. And now what we have to do is just now. And now what we have to do is just now. And now what we have to do is just connect an email tool to our email connect an email tool to our email connect an email tool to our email agent. So I'm going to click on tool. agent. So I'm going to click on tool. agent. So I'm going to click on tool. I'm going to type in Gmail tool. And now I'm going to type in Gmail tool. And now I'm going to type in Gmail tool. And now we just need to set this thing up as we just need to set this thing up as we just need to set this thing up as well. So if you haven't connected to any well. So if you haven't connected to any well. So if you haven't connected to any of your Google tools before, I'm going of your Google tools before, I'm going of your Google tools before, I'm going to link a video right up here where I to link a video right up here where I to link a video right up here where I explain how that works. But then once explain how that works. But then once explain how that works. But then once you finish that, come back here and you finish that, come back here and you finish that, come back here and we'll set up this Gmail tool. So similar we'll set up this Gmail tool. So similar we'll set up this Gmail tool. So similar to what we just did with that user to what we just did with that user to what we just did with that user message, I'm basically going to let the message, I'm basically going to let the message, I'm basically going to let the AI agent decide who is it going to, AI agent decide who is it going to, AI agent decide who is it going to, what's the subject, and what is the what's the subject, and what is the what's the subject, and what is the actual body message. I'm also real quick actual body message. I'm also real quick actual body message. I'm also real quick going to change the email type to text going to change the email type to text going to change the email type to text and I'm going to add an option down at and I'm going to add an option down at and I'm going to add an option down at the bottom which lets us turn off the the bottom which lets us turn off the the bottom which lets us turn off the NADN attribution at the bottom of an NADN attribution at the bottom of an NADN attribution at the bottom of an email. And it's that simple. We already email. And it's that simple. We already email. And it's that simple. We already have this Gmail tool set up. So what I'm have this Gmail tool set up. So what I'm have this Gmail tool set up. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to chat with going to do is I'm going to chat with going to do is I'm going to chat with this agent to see if it's able to send this agent to see if it's able to send this agent to see if it's able to send an email. And one thing I want to call an email. And one thing I want to call an email. And one thing I want to call out to you guys is that we haven't put out to you guys is that we haven't put out to you guys is that we haven't put any system prompt in either of the any system prompt in either of the any system prompt in either of the agents. So this is just to reiterate how agents. So this is just to reiterate how agents. So this is just to reiterate how easy it is to build this stuff nowadays. easy it is to build this stuff nowadays. easy it is to build this stuff nowadays. When you start to build out more agents When you start to build out more agents When you start to build out more agents and more tools, you will have to system and more tools, you will have to system and more tools, you will have to system prompt it. As you can see in this main prompt it. As you can see in this main prompt it. As you can see in this main agent, it has a big system prompt right agent, it has a big system prompt right agent, it has a big system prompt right here where we explain here's your job, here where we explain here's your job, here where we explain here's your job, here are the tools you have, here are here are the tools you have, here are here are the tools you have, here are your instructions. And then every single your instructions. And then every single your instructions. And then every single sub agent as well has a prompt. So this sub agent as well has a prompt. So this sub agent as well has a prompt. So this email sub aent, we basically tell it email sub aent, we basically tell it email sub aent, we basically tell it here are your tools. Here's when to use here are your tools. Here's when to use here are your tools. Here's when to use each one. But like I said, for each one. But like I said, for each one. But like I said, for simplicity sake, just to show you guys simplicity sake, just to show you guys simplicity sake, just to show you guys how we start off building this kind of how we start off building this kind of how we start off building this kind of stuff, I don't even have any system stuff, I don't even have any system stuff, I don't even have any system prompt in any of these agents yet. So, prompt in any of these agents yet. So, prompt in any of these agents yet. So, I'm going to open up the chat and I'm I'm going to open up the chat and I'm I'm going to open up the chat and I'm going to say send an email to going to say send an email to going to say send an email to nate@acample.com nate@acample.com nate@acample.com asking him if he's having a good day. asking him if he's having a good day. asking him if he's having a good day. So, once we fire this off, we're going So, once we fire this off, we're going So, once we fire this off, we're going to see the main agent decide I need to to see the main agent decide I need to to see the main agent decide I need to use email agent. Email agent decides I use email agent. Email agent decides I use email agent. Email agent decides I need to use tool. Although, we can see need to use tool. Although, we can see need to use tool. Although, we can see we got an error with this tool. So, let we got an error with this tool. So, let we got an error with this tool. So, let me check in on what happened. We can see me check in on what happened. We can see me check in on what happened. We can see that it's red. I'll click into here and that it's red. I'll click into here and that it's red. I'll click into here and basically what it says is that the email basically what it says is that the email basically what it says is that the email address is invalid. So the AI model address is invalid. So the AI model address is invalid. So the AI model decided to fill in the two with just decided to fill in the two with just decided to fill in the two with just Nate rather than Nate@acample.com. Nate rather than Nate@acample.com. Nate rather than Nate@acample.com. So now we know it made a mistake. Let's So now we know it made a mistake. Let's So now we know it made a mistake. Let's add a little bit of a system prompt in add a little bit of a system prompt in add a little bit of a system prompt in there. So I have two options. I could there. So I have two options. I could there. So I have two options. I could basically come into the email agent. I basically come into the email agent. I basically come into the email agent. I could add an option, add a system could add an option, add a system could add an option, add a system message, and I could say, "Hey, by the message, and I could say, "Hey, by the message, and I could say, "Hey, by the way, whenever you're sending an email to way, whenever you're sending an email to way, whenever you're sending an email to someone, it basically needs to be a someone, it basically needs to be a someone, it basically needs to be a valid email address." But an even valid email address." But an even valid email address." But an even simpler way to do that is basically come simpler way to do that is basically come simpler way to do that is basically come back into the tool, go right here and back into the tool, go right here and back into the tool, go right here and add a description to the two field where add a description to the two field where add a description to the two field where I can just tell the agent this must be a I can just tell the agent this must be a I can just tell the agent this must be a valid email address. So honestly, I valid email address. So honestly, I valid email address. So honestly, I believe that this simple fix will be believe that this simple fix will be believe that this simple fix will be enough. And let's test it out again. So enough. And let's test it out again. So enough. And let's test it out again. So there's a little arrow above this there's a little arrow above this there's a little arrow above this message. I'm just going to hit that message. I'm just going to hit that message. I'm just going to hit that which basically sends it off again. And which basically sends it off again. And which basically sends it off again. And now we'll see if the email agent can get now we'll see if the email agent can get now we'll see if the email agent can get it right. Okay, so I just figured out it right. Okay, so I just figured out it right. Okay, so I just figured out what's actually going wrong. The email what's actually going wrong. The email what's actually going wrong. The email agent isn't messing up. the main agent's agent isn't messing up. the main agent's agent isn't messing up. the main agent's messing up because what happens is the messing up because what happens is the messing up because what happens is the main agent is getting this message that main agent is getting this message that main agent is getting this message that says to send an email to says to send an email to says to send an email to nate@acample.com and if we click on the nate@acample.com and if we click on the nate@acample.com and if we click on the logs we can see what it does and we can logs we can see what it does and we can logs we can see what it does and we can see here that it basically calls on the see here that it basically calls on the see here that it basically calls on the email agent tool and it passes in as the email agent tool and it passes in as the email agent tool and it passes in as the input hi Nate I just wanted to check in input hi Nate I just wanted to check in input hi Nate I just wanted to check in so what happened here is the main agent so what happened here is the main agent so what happened here is the main agent decided I want to make the email rather decided I want to make the email rather decided I want to make the email rather than saying okay Mr. email agent, you do than saying okay Mr. email agent, you do than saying okay Mr. email agent, you do all this work. So, all we have to do is all this work. So, all we have to do is all this work. So, all we have to do is probably system prompt the main agent to probably system prompt the main agent to probably system prompt the main agent to tell it you don't need to take action. tell it you don't need to take action. tell it you don't need to take action. You don't need to send emails. You just You don't need to send emails. You just You don't need to send emails. You just need to delegate the task to the right need to delegate the task to the right need to delegate the task to the right tool. So, I'm going to add a system tool. So, I'm going to add a system tool. So, I'm going to add a system message and basically just say exactly message and basically just say exactly message and basically just say exactly that. So, here you can see I gave it that. So, here you can see I gave it that. So, here you can see I gave it three short sentences about what its three short sentences about what its three short sentences about what its role should be. And once again, we're role should be. And once again, we're role should be. And once again, we're going to save this and just try again. going to save this and just try again. going to save this and just try again. All right. So, I just shot off the exact All right. So, I just shot off the exact All right. So, I just shot off the exact same message. We didn't change anything same message. We didn't change anything same message. We didn't change anything else. And now you can see that it went else. And now you can see that it went else. And now you can see that it went through. And I know this may be a little through. And I know this may be a little through. And I know this may be a little bit overwhelming or a little bit bit overwhelming or a little bit bit overwhelming or a little bit confusing at the moment if this is one confusing at the moment if this is one confusing at the moment if this is one of your first agents that you've built, of your first agents that you've built, of your first agents that you've built, but once again, let me just walk through but once again, let me just walk through but once again, let me just walk through what just happened. So, we'll click into what just happened. So, we'll click into what just happened. So, we'll click into the main agent and we're going to go to the main agent and we're going to go to the main agent and we're going to go to the agent logs. When you read through the agent logs. When you read through the agent logs. When you read through the logs, this is basically how it the logs, this is basically how it the logs, this is basically how it works. The first thing that it did is it works. The first thing that it did is it works. The first thing that it did is it calls its brain in order to read the calls its brain in order to read the calls its brain in order to read the system message to understand what to do system message to understand what to do system message to understand what to do next. Once it read that, it called the next. Once it read that, it called the next. Once it read that, it called the email agent. And this time, what it did email agent. And this time, what it did email agent. And this time, what it did is it sent over this message to the is it sent over this message to the is it sent over this message to the email agent. send an email to email agent. send an email to email agent. send an email to nate@example.com asking him if he's nate@example.com asking him if he's nate@example.com asking him if he's having a good day. So now we can see having a good day. So now we can see having a good day. So now we can see that the main agent isn't creating stuff that the main agent isn't creating stuff that the main agent isn't creating stuff itself. It's just delegating the task itself. It's just delegating the task itself. It's just delegating the task which is exactly what should be which is exactly what should be which is exactly what should be happening in an agent swarm. From there, happening in an agent swarm. From there, happening in an agent swarm. From there, the email agent then uses its brain, the email agent then uses its brain, the email agent then uses its brain, decides, okay, I need to create an decides, okay, I need to create an decides, okay, I need to create an email, and then it passes over these email, and then it passes over these email, and then it passes over these parameters to its send Gmail tool, which parameters to its send Gmail tool, which parameters to its send Gmail tool, which are here's who it's going to, here's the are here's who it's going to, here's the are here's who it's going to, here's the subject, and then here's the actual subject, and then here's the actual subject, and then here's the actual body. And then basically that gets body. And then basically that gets body. And then basically that gets communicated back to the main agent, and communicated back to the main agent, and communicated back to the main agent, and then the main agent responds to us. So, then the main agent responds to us. So, then the main agent responds to us. So, there's really three key things that you there's really three key things that you there's really three key things that you need to master in order to build agent need to master in order to build agent need to master in order to build agent swarms. The first one is going to be swarms. The first one is going to be swarms. The first one is going to be understanding how to read through the understanding how to read through the understanding how to read through the agent logs. That's super super important agent logs. That's super super important agent logs. That's super super important for debugging and making sure that your for debugging and making sure that your for debugging and making sure that your agents are doing what you told them to agents are doing what you told them to agents are doing what you told them to do. So you guys just saw me basically do. So you guys just saw me basically do. So you guys just saw me basically run into an error, try to fix it. It run into an error, try to fix it. It run into an error, try to fix it. It didn't work. So what I did was I looked didn't work. So what I did was I looked didn't work. So what I did was I looked at the logs to figure out where exactly at the logs to figure out where exactly at the logs to figure out where exactly in this chain of command is something in this chain of command is something in this chain of command is something breaking. So the more experience you get breaking. So the more experience you get breaking. So the more experience you get with reading agent logs and with reading agent logs and with reading agent logs and understanding what's going on, how data understanding what's going on, how data understanding what's going on, how data is being passed between different is being passed between different is being passed between different agents, the better you'll get at agents, the better you'll get at agents, the better you'll get at understanding how you can build things understanding how you can build things understanding how you can build things that work. Now the second thing is going that work. Now the second thing is going that work. Now the second thing is going to be prompting. Because what happens is to be prompting. Because what happens is to be prompting. Because what happens is it's going to work fine when you have it's going to work fine when you have it's going to work fine when you have one agent and one tool, but as you scale one agent and one tool, but as you scale one agent and one tool, but as you scale them up, you're going to have multiple them up, you're going to have multiple them up, you're going to have multiple more things to include in your prompt. more things to include in your prompt. more things to include in your prompt. For example, with this guy, we have we For example, with this guy, we have we For example, with this guy, we have we have one main agent and we tell it, have one main agent and we tell it, have one main agent and we tell it, okay, you are basically an orchestrator okay, you are basically an orchestrator okay, you are basically an orchestrator delegator agent and you have five agents delegator agent and you have five agents delegator agent and you have five agents to work with. It understands that now to work with. It understands that now to work with. It understands that now and it does its job pretty well, but I and it does its job pretty well, but I and it does its job pretty well, but I wasn't able to just throw the prompt in wasn't able to just throw the prompt in wasn't able to just throw the prompt in and have it work like magic. What you're and have it work like magic. What you're and have it work like magic. What you're going to really have to do is understand going to really have to do is understand going to really have to do is understand the aspect of reactive prompting. I the aspect of reactive prompting. I the aspect of reactive prompting. I actually did a full video about reactive actually did a full video about reactive actually did a full video about reactive prompting and I'll include this entire prompting and I'll include this entire prompting and I'll include this entire PDF along with all the other resources PDF along with all the other resources PDF along with all the other resources that you'll get to create the system, that you'll get to create the system, that you'll get to create the system, but this goes over some really key but this goes over some really key but this goes over some really key things about basically debugging one things about basically debugging one things about basically debugging one error at a time, scaling up slowly, error at a time, scaling up slowly, error at a time, scaling up slowly, adding tools one at a time in order to adding tools one at a time in order to adding tools one at a time in order to make sure that everything's working make sure that everything's working make sure that everything's working rather than basically throwing in 20 rather than basically throwing in 20 rather than basically throwing in 20 tools and a huge system prompt at once tools and a huge system prompt at once tools and a huge system prompt at once and hitting run. You won't know exactly and hitting run. You won't know exactly and hitting run. You won't know exactly where things are going wrong. And then where things are going wrong. And then where things are going wrong. And then the final element to understand is the the final element to understand is the the final element to understand is the tool calling. Basically, all of these tool calling. Basically, all of these tool calling. Basically, all of these different tools, what we're doing is different tools, what we're doing is different tools, what we're doing is we're letting the AI model decide how to we're letting the AI model decide how to we're letting the AI model decide how to fill in the parameters. So, to give you fill in the parameters. So, to give you fill in the parameters. So, to give you guys some more context here, what guys some more context here, what guys some more context here, what happens with like a send email tool is happens with like a send email tool is happens with like a send email tool is the AI model decides who's it going to, the AI model decides who's it going to, the AI model decides who's it going to, what's the subject, and what's the body what's the subject, and what's the body what's the subject, and what's the body message. So, as you can see in this message. So, as you can see in this message. So, as you can see in this Gmail tool, we let the AI model decide Gmail tool, we let the AI model decide Gmail tool, we let the AI model decide who's it going to, what's the subject, who's it going to, what's the subject, who's it going to, what's the subject, and what's the body message. So, if we and what's the body message. So, if we and what's the body message. So, if we wanted to add something else like a wanted to add something else like a wanted to add something else like a calendar agent, we'd basically add calendar agent, we'd basically add calendar agent, we'd basically add another tool. We'd add an AI agent as a another tool. We'd add an AI agent as a another tool. We'd add an AI agent as a tool and we would call this one a tool and we would call this one a tool and we would call this one a calendar agent. So we gave it a calendar agent. So we gave it a calendar agent. So we gave it a description, we gave it a name, and then description, we gave it a name, and then description, we gave it a name, and then what I'm going to do once again is let what I'm going to do once again is let what I'm going to do once again is let the main agent decide what message this the main agent decide what message this the main agent decide what message this calendar agent receives. So we let the calendar agent receives. So we let the calendar agent receives. So we let the AI model decide that. Now we would AI model decide that. Now we would AI model decide that. Now we would basically need to give the calendar basically need to give the calendar basically need to give the calendar agent access to a brain once again. So I agent access to a brain once again. So I agent access to a brain once again. So I can actually drag this little thing into can actually drag this little thing into can actually drag this little thing into a different brain. So now the email a different brain. So now the email a different brain. So now the email agent and calendar agent use the same agent and calendar agent use the same agent and calendar agent use the same chat model. And then what we can do is chat model. And then what we can do is chat model. And then what we can do is add a calendar tool. So, if I go to the add a calendar tool. So, if I go to the add a calendar tool. So, if I go to the tool button right here and I type in tool button right here and I type in tool button right here and I type in Google calendar, we'll grab this guy and Google calendar, we'll grab this guy and Google calendar, we'll grab this guy and we will basically do a create event we will basically do a create event we will basically do a create event operation, I would choose the calendar operation, I would choose the calendar operation, I would choose the calendar that I want it to access. And then we that I want it to access. And then we that I want it to access. And then we have a start time and an end time. And have a start time and an end time. And have a start time and an end time. And what I'm able to do is basically just what I'm able to do is basically just what I'm able to do is basically just say, okay, AI model, you're going to say, okay, AI model, you're going to say, okay, AI model, you're going to decide when this event's going to start decide when this event's going to start decide when this event's going to start and end. Okay, so I just asked it to and end. Okay, so I just asked it to and end. Okay, so I just asked it to create a calendar event for today at 1 create a calendar event for today at 1 create a calendar event for today at 1 p.m. for lunch. You can see the agent p.m. for lunch. You can see the agent p.m. for lunch. You can see the agent called the calendar agent. You can see called the calendar agent. You can see called the calendar agent. You can see the calendar agent called the create the calendar agent called the create the calendar agent called the create event tool. everything looked like it event tool. everything looked like it event tool. everything looked like it worked. So, if I go over to my calendar, worked. So, if I go over to my calendar, worked. So, if I go over to my calendar, we don't see the event. So, this is we don't see the event. So, this is we don't see the event. So, this is where you need to understand, okay, where you need to understand, okay, where you need to understand, okay, things look like it worked, but I'm not things look like it worked, but I'm not things look like it worked, but I'm not seeing the actual result that I was seeing the actual result that I was seeing the actual result that I was looking for. Now, what I need to do is I looking for. Now, what I need to do is I looking for. Now, what I need to do is I need to look at the tool. I need to look need to look at the tool. I need to look need to look at the tool. I need to look at the different agent logs and see what at the different agent logs and see what at the different agent logs and see what actually happened. And then we'll figure actually happened. And then we'll figure actually happened. And then we'll figure out where things went wrong. So, that's out where things went wrong. So, that's out where things went wrong. So, that's exactly what I'm going to do with you exactly what I'm going to do with you exactly what I'm going to do with you guys. And I'm going to start by looking guys. And I'm going to start by looking guys. And I'm going to start by looking at the tool to see what actually at the tool to see what actually at the tool to see what actually happened in our Google calendar. So, if happened in our Google calendar. So, if happened in our Google calendar. So, if I click into the tool, what you can see I click into the tool, what you can see I click into the tool, what you can see happened is the agent created an event happened is the agent created an event happened is the agent created an event for 1 p.m., but it made it for April for 1 p.m., but it made it for April for 1 p.m., but it made it for April 27th of 2024, which was, you know, over 27th of 2024, which was, you know, over 27th of 2024, which was, you know, over a year ago. So, now I would think to a year ago. So, now I would think to a year ago. So, now I would think to myself, okay, why did it do that? And to myself, okay, why did it do that? And to myself, okay, why did it do that? And to understand why it did that, I would go understand why it did that, I would go understand why it did that, I would go to the main agent. I would click on the to the main agent. I would click on the to the main agent. I would click on the logs and I would just start to go in logs and I would just start to go in logs and I would just start to go in order. So, first of all, it calls its order. So, first of all, it calls its order. So, first of all, it calls its brain. And then from there, it decides, brain. And then from there, it decides, brain. And then from there, it decides, okay, I need to use the calendar agent. okay, I need to use the calendar agent. okay, I need to use the calendar agent. when it calls the calendar agent, it when it calls the calendar agent, it when it calls the calendar agent, it says, "Create a calendar event for lunch says, "Create a calendar event for lunch says, "Create a calendar event for lunch today at 1 p.m." So now I'm thinking to today at 1 p.m." So now I'm thinking to today at 1 p.m." So now I'm thinking to myself, okay, the agent doesn't actually myself, okay, the agent doesn't actually myself, okay, the agent doesn't actually know what day is today. And that's know what day is today. And that's know what day is today. And that's exactly why when it goes to fill out the exactly why when it goes to fill out the exactly why when it goes to fill out the parameters for the calendar tool, it parameters for the calendar tool, it parameters for the calendar tool, it makes it for a year ago. A lot of times makes it for a year ago. A lot of times makes it for a year ago. A lot of times when I'm building things and I'm trying when I'm building things and I'm trying when I'm building things and I'm trying to figure out what's going wrong and how to figure out what's going wrong and how to figure out what's going wrong and how to fix it, this is going to sound really to fix it, this is going to sound really to fix it, this is going to sound really obvious, but I promise you it's a really obvious, but I promise you it's a really obvious, but I promise you it's a really really good way to think is just think really good way to think is just think really good way to think is just think about if I face this problem in real about if I face this problem in real about if I face this problem in real life as a human doing this manually. life as a human doing this manually. life as a human doing this manually. What would I do? And so in this case, What would I do? And so in this case, What would I do? And so in this case, what I would do is I would look at my what I would do is I would look at my what I would do is I would look at my phone and figure out, okay, I was told phone and figure out, okay, I was told phone and figure out, okay, I was told to make an event for today, what day is to make an event for today, what day is to make an event for today, what day is today? I would look at my phone, I'd today? I would look at my phone, I'd today? I would look at my phone, I'd realize that today is, you know, July realize that today is, you know, July realize that today is, you know, July 25th. And then I would basically make 25th. And then I would basically make 25th. And then I would basically make the event for July 25th. the event for July 25th. the event for July 25th. So, the way we're going to fix that here So, the way we're going to fix that here So, the way we're going to fix that here is I am going to give both agents access is I am going to give both agents access is I am going to give both agents access to today's current date and time. And to to today's current date and time. And to to today's current date and time. And to do that, I would come into the system do that, I would come into the system do that, I would come into the system prompt of this main AI agent. I'm going prompt of this main AI agent. I'm going prompt of this main AI agent. I'm going to make sure it's an expression so we to make sure it's an expression so we to make sure it's an expression so we can put in a live variable. And I'm just can put in a live variable. And I'm just can put in a live variable. And I'm just going to say today's date is colon two going to say today's date is colon two going to say today's date is colon two curly braces and then we have a little curly braces and then we have a little curly braces and then we have a little variable right here, dollar sign now. variable right here, dollar sign now. variable right here, dollar sign now. And all that does is it gives the agent And all that does is it gives the agent And all that does is it gives the agent the current date and time no matter what the current date and time no matter what the current date and time no matter what time you're using it. And so I'm just time you're using it. And so I'm just time you're using it. And so I'm just going to copy this little sentence that going to copy this little sentence that going to copy this little sentence that I made. I'm going to go into the I made. I'm going to go into the I made. I'm going to go into the calendar agent and I'm going to give it calendar agent and I'm going to give it calendar agent and I'm going to give it the exact same information. Make sure the exact same information. Make sure the exact same information. Make sure it's an expression and just say today's it's an expression and just say today's it's an expression and just say today's date is blank. date is blank. date is blank. So now that I've saved that, if I open So now that I've saved that, if I open So now that I've saved that, if I open up the chat and I run this exact same up the chat and I run this exact same up the chat and I run this exact same message, I'm pretty sure it should be message, I'm pretty sure it should be message, I'm pretty sure it should be able to do this correctly. It decides able to do this correctly. It decides able to do this correctly. It decides which agent to use. The agent decides which agent to use. The agent decides which agent to use. The agent decides which tool to use. And now if we go into which tool to use. And now if we go into which tool to use. And now if we go into our Google calendar, we can see we have our Google calendar, we can see we have our Google calendar, we can see we have an event here today at 1 p.m. although an event here today at 1 p.m. although an event here today at 1 p.m. although we don't have a title. So same thing I we don't have a title. So same thing I we don't have a title. So same thing I would basically think about okay why is would basically think about okay why is would basically think about okay why is there no title let me go look at this there no title let me go look at this there no title let me go look at this actual Google calendar tool I can see actual Google calendar tool I can see actual Google calendar tool I can see that the agent is automatically that the agent is automatically that the agent is automatically populating two parameters the start time populating two parameters the start time populating two parameters the start time and the end time but there's no and the end time but there's no and the end time but there's no parameter here for title so what I would parameter here for title so what I would parameter here for title so what I would do is I would want to add an additional do is I would want to add an additional do is I would want to add an additional field I would basically come down here field I would basically come down here field I would basically come down here to summary I think summary is how it to summary I think summary is how it to summary I think summary is how it shows up in Google calendar as a title shows up in Google calendar as a title shows up in Google calendar as a title and then I would just let the AI agent and then I would just let the AI agent and then I would just let the AI agent decide what's the summary so now that decide what's the summary so now that decide what's the summary so now that I've saved that and we know that the I've saved that and we know that the I've saved that and we know that the agent's going to send over start time agent's going to send over start time agent's going to send over start time end time and title. I can send off this end time and title. I can send off this end time and title. I can send off this query that's asking it to make an event query that's asking it to make an event query that's asking it to make an event for 6 p.m. for dinner. The agent's for 6 p.m. for dinner. The agent's for 6 p.m. for dinner. The agent's calling the right tool. And now we can calling the right tool. And now we can calling the right tool. And now we can go ahead and check our calendar. And we go ahead and check our calendar. And we go ahead and check our calendar. And we can see we have an event for 6 p.m. can see we have an event for 6 p.m. can see we have an event for 6 p.m. called dinner. Okay. So now we've called dinner. Okay. So now we've called dinner. Okay. So now we've basically built out this mini agent basically built out this mini agent basically built out this mini agent swarm where we have a main orchestrator swarm where we have a main orchestrator swarm where we have a main orchestrator agent and we have an email agent and a agent and we have an email agent and a agent and we have an email agent and a calendar agent. What would be next from calendar agent. What would be next from calendar agent. What would be next from here is you'd start to scale up these here is you'd start to scale up these here is you'd start to scale up these agents by giving them access to agents by giving them access to agents by giving them access to different email tools and different different email tools and different different email tools and different calendar tools. But I've made it really calendar tools. But I've made it really calendar tools. But I've made it really easy for you guys because what you can easy for you guys because what you can easy for you guys because what you can do is you can leverage all of the tools do is you can leverage all of the tools do is you can leverage all of the tools and system prompts in this agent swarm and system prompts in this agent swarm and system prompts in this agent swarm that I've already built. You could that I've already built. You could that I've already built. You could basically come into the email agent and basically come into the email agent and basically come into the email agent and you could copy this exact system prompt you could copy this exact system prompt you could copy this exact system prompt and then put it into your email agent. and then put it into your email agent. and then put it into your email agent. You could also then copy all of these You could also then copy all of these You could also then copy all of these tools, go into your workflow and paste tools, go into your workflow and paste tools, go into your workflow and paste them in and then just drag and drop and them in and then just drag and drop and them in and then just drag and drop and connect these tools to your own agent. connect these tools to your own agent. connect these tools to your own agent. Now, one thing to note if you do take Now, one thing to note if you do take Now, one thing to note if you do take this route is that within these tools, this route is that within these tools, this route is that within these tools, because I built these a while ago, what because I built these a while ago, what because I built these a while ago, what I have is these little from AI I have is these little from AI I have is these little from AI functions. And I just wanted to show you functions. And I just wanted to show you functions. And I just wanted to show you guys that these from AI functions are guys that these from AI functions are guys that these from AI functions are the exact same thing as what we set up the exact same thing as what we set up the exact same thing as what we set up together where we click the button to together where we click the button to together where we click the button to let the model define. let the model define. let the model define. They're doing the exact same thing. They're doing the exact same thing. They're doing the exact same thing. Naden just made an update where they Naden just made an update where they Naden just made an update where they made it even easier than typing in a made it even easier than typing in a made it even easier than typing in a from ai function. So whether you want to from ai function. So whether you want to from ai function. So whether you want to set them up yourself and use that button set them up yourself and use that button set them up yourself and use that button or you want to just copy in these tools or you want to just copy in these tools or you want to just copy in these tools that I already have with the from AI that I already have with the from AI that I already have with the from AI functions, don't worry about it. They're functions, don't worry about it. They're functions, don't worry about it. They're doing the exact same things. Real quick doing the exact same things. Real quick doing the exact same things. Real quick guys, while I'm editing this video, I guys, while I'm editing this video, I guys, while I'm editing this video, I thought of something that I wanted to thought of something that I wanted to thought of something that I wanted to make sure I mentioned. These agent make sure I mentioned. These agent make sure I mentioned. These agent swarms are super cool and end is doing a swarms are super cool and end is doing a swarms are super cool and end is doing a great job at making it really, really great job at making it really, really great job at making it really, really easy and more accessible to people to easy and more accessible to people to easy and more accessible to people to build these agents that call other build these agents that call other build these agents that call other agents. But ultimately, I think that the agents. But ultimately, I think that the agents. But ultimately, I think that the majority of automations that you can majority of automations that you can majority of automations that you can build for yourself or for your business build for yourself or for your business build for yourself or for your business or whatever it is don't need to be or whatever it is don't need to be or whatever it is don't need to be agents and don't need to be agent agents and don't need to be agent agents and don't need to be agent swarms. There's a big difference between swarms. There's a big difference between swarms. There's a big difference between building an AI agent and building an AI building an AI agent and building an AI building an AI agent and building an AI workflow. And I think that the majority workflow. And I think that the majority workflow. And I think that the majority of business problems can be solved with of business problems can be solved with of business problems can be solved with a really good AI workflow. The a really good AI workflow. The a really good AI workflow. The difference here is that with a workflow, difference here is that with a workflow, difference here is that with a workflow, we're still using AI. We're still using we're still using AI. We're still using we're still using AI. We're still using tools, but we're basically controlling tools, but we're basically controlling tools, but we're basically controlling the exact flow. So, we know that the the exact flow. So, we know that the the exact flow. So, we know that the process goes 1 2 3 4 5 6. And there's process goes 1 2 3 4 5 6. And there's process goes 1 2 3 4 5 6. And there's literally no way for the process to go 1 literally no way for the process to go 1 literally no way for the process to go 1 4 2 6. It has to follow our exact 4 2 6. It has to follow our exact 4 2 6. It has to follow our exact instructions every time. So if you're instructions every time. So if you're instructions every time. So if you're trying to automate a deterministic and trying to automate a deterministic and trying to automate a deterministic and predictable process that follows a predictable process that follows a predictable process that follows a step-by-step guide every single time, step-by-step guide every single time, step-by-step guide every single time, you want to go with a workflow. Agents you want to go with a workflow. Agents you want to go with a workflow. Agents are really cool because they use AI as a are really cool because they use AI as a are really cool because they use AI as a reasoning and a decision-making aspect. reasoning and a decision-making aspect. reasoning and a decision-making aspect. And that's when we have processes that And that's when we have processes that And that's when we have processes that are unpredictable, non-deterministic, are unpredictable, non-deterministic, are unpredictable, non-deterministic, and we need that assistance from an AI. and we need that assistance from an AI. and we need that assistance from an AI. So, I would encourage you to think So, I would encourage you to think So, I would encourage you to think about, am I building something that about, am I building something that about, am I building something that needs to be an agent or am I building an needs to be an agent or am I building an needs to be an agent or am I building an agent because I think it's cooler. I've agent because I think it's cooler. I've agent because I think it's cooler. I've gotten caught up in the hype of AI gotten caught up in the hype of AI gotten caught up in the hype of AI agents and built agents when they could agents and built agents when they could agents and built agents when they could have been workflows for sure. So, I just have been workflows for sure. So, I just have been workflows for sure. So, I just wanted to throw that out there real wanted to throw that out there real wanted to throw that out there real quick. If you want to watch a full quick. If you want to watch a full quick. If you want to watch a full video, I've done a full video on this video, I've done a full video on this video, I've done a full video on this exact topic, which I will link right up exact topic, which I will link right up exact topic, which I will link right up here. But, let's get right back to the here. But, let's get right back to the here. But, let's get right back to the main video. So, now I need to tell you main video. So, now I need to tell you main video. So, now I need to tell you guys about how you can actually access guys about how you can actually access guys about how you can actually access this and the agent log sheet right here this and the agent log sheet right here this and the agent log sheet right here that you see in order to basically that you see in order to basically that you see in order to basically duplicate this exact system. What you're duplicate this exact system. What you're duplicate this exact system. What you're going to do is go to my free school going to do is go to my free school going to do is go to my free school community. The link for that is down in community. The link for that is down in community. The link for that is down in the description. And once you get in the description. And once you get in the description. And once you get in here, you can get all of my resources here, you can get all of my resources here, you can get all of my resources from every single YouTube video I've from every single YouTube video I've from every single YouTube video I've made for completely free. You'll click made for completely free. You'll click made for completely free. You'll click on YouTube resources or you'll search on YouTube resources or you'll search on YouTube resources or you'll search for the title of the video using the for the title of the video using the for the title of the video using the search bar. And once you find that post search bar. And once you find that post search bar. And once you find that post for this video, you'll basically click for this video, you'll basically click for this video, you'll basically click on it. And what you'll have right here on it. And what you'll have right here on it. And what you'll have right here is a JSON file. This JSON file can be is a JSON file. This JSON file can be is a JSON file. This JSON file can be downloaded and then it can be imported downloaded and then it can be imported downloaded and then it can be imported into your own annst instance. And when into your own annst instance. And when into your own annst instance. And when you import it, you'll basically just see you import it, you'll basically just see you import it, you'll basically just see this right here. Once you import it, this right here. Once you import it, this right here. Once you import it, you'll be on your own to set up your own you'll be on your own to set up your own you'll be on your own to set up your own credentials and connect to your own credentials and connect to your own credentials and connect to your own Google suites and everything like that. Google suites and everything like that. Google suites and everything like that. But there will be a setup guide as a But there will be a setup guide as a But there will be a setup guide as a sticky note right over here and it will sticky note right over here and it will sticky note right over here and it will walk you through everything that you walk you through everything that you walk you through everything that you need to go set up. And then I also said need to go set up. And then I also said need to go set up. And then I also said that I would be giving you guys this that I would be giving you guys this that I would be giving you guys this Google sheet template so that you can Google sheet template so that you can Google sheet template so that you can plug it in and start tracking your agent plug it in and start tracking your agent plug it in and start tracking your agent actions as well. So there will be a link actions as well. So there will be a link actions as well. So there will be a link to this in the post I make in my free to this in the post I make in my free to this in the post I make in my free school community with the template. And school community with the template. And school community with the template. And I'll also include this attachment as a I'll also include this attachment as a I'll also include this attachment as a PDF if you want to go ahead and learn PDF if you want to go ahead and learn PDF if you want to go ahead and learn more about reactive prompting. So, with more about reactive prompting. So, with more about reactive prompting. So, with all of those resources and, you know, all of those resources and, you know, all of those resources and, you know, watching a ton of other videos on my watching a ton of other videos on my watching a ton of other videos on my channel, you'll be on your way to channel, you'll be on your way to channel, you'll be on your way to setting up your first agent swarm, even setting up your first agent swarm, even setting up your first agent swarm, even if you don't really have a technical if you don't really have a technical if you don't really have a technical background. And in the process of background. And in the process of background. And in the process of setting up your swarm, if you need free setting up your swarm, if you need free setting up your swarm, if you need free tech support and you're looking to take tech support and you're looking to take tech support and you're looking to take your learnings a little bit deeper, then your learnings a little bit deeper, then your learnings a little bit deeper, then check out my paid community. The link check out my paid community. The link check out my paid community. The link for that is also down in the for that is also down in the for that is also down in the description. We've got a great community description. We've got a great community description. We've got a great community of members in here that are building of members in here that are building of members in here that are building with NADN every single day. And like I with NADN every single day. And like I with NADN every single day. And like I said, it's free tech support. So, as said, it's free tech support. So, as said, it's free tech support. So, as soon as you get stuck, you can make a soon as you get stuck, you can make a soon as you get stuck, you can make a post in here. You'll have members post in here. You'll have members post in here. You'll have members helping you out. I'll help you out and helping you out. I'll help you out and helping you out. I'll help you out and people that are officially on my support people that are officially on my support people that are officially on my support specialist team. We've also got a specialist team. We've also got a specialist team. We've also got a classroom section with two full courses. classroom section with two full courses. classroom section with two full courses. Agent zero is the foundations of AI Agent zero is the foundations of AI Agent zero is the foundations of AI automations for beginners and then 10 automations for beginners and then 10 automations for beginners and then 10 hours to 10 seconds where you learn how hours to 10 seconds where you learn how hours to 10 seconds where you learn how to identify, design, and build to identify, design, and build to identify, design, and build time-saving automations. So, I'd love to time-saving automations. So, I'd love to time-saving automations. So, I'd love to see you guys in these communities. But see you guys in these communities. But see you guys in these communities. But that is going to do it for today. If you that is going to do it for today. If you that is going to do it for today. If you enjoyed the video or you learned enjoyed the video or you learned enjoyed the video or you learned something new, please give it a like. something new, please give it a like. something new, please give it a like. Definitely helps me out a ton. And as Definitely helps me out a ton. And as Definitely helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it always, I appreciate you guys making it always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you on to the end of the video. I'll see you on to the end of the video. I'll see you on the next one. Thanks, guys.
