There are two things that hold true when There are two things that hold true when There are two things that hold true when it comes to artificial intelligence. it comes to artificial intelligence. it comes to artificial intelligence. One, it's everywhere. My toothbrush just One, it's everywhere. My toothbrush just One, it's everywhere. My toothbrush just got an AI update this week. And two, the got an AI update this week. And two, the got an AI update this week. And two, the field is changing rapidly, making it field is changing rapidly, making it field is changing rapidly, making it hard to keep up, even for those of us hard to keep up, even for those of us hard to keep up, even for those of us who work in tech. So, I've put together who work in tech. So, I've put together who work in tech. So, I've put together my top seven AI terms that I think are my top seven AI terms that I think are my top seven AI terms that I think are important to be familiar with as AI important to be familiar with as AI important to be familiar with as AI continues to progress. How many do you continues to progress. How many do you continues to progress. How many do you already know? Well, let's find out. And already know? Well, let's find out. And already know? Well, let's find out. And I'm going to start at number one with I'm going to start at number one with I'm going to start at number one with something that I'm quite sure that you something that I'm quite sure that you something that I'm quite sure that you have heard of and that's the Gentic AI. have heard of and that's the Gentic AI. have heard of and that's the Gentic AI. Everybody in their grandmother seems to Everybody in their grandmother seems to Everybody in their grandmother seems to be building the next generation of AI be building the next generation of AI be building the next generation of AI agents. But what exactly are they? Well, agents. But what exactly are they? Well, agents. But what exactly are they? Well, AI agents, they can reason and act AI agents, they can reason and act AI agents, they can reason and act autonomously to achieve goals. So unlike autonomously to achieve goals. So unlike autonomously to achieve goals. So unlike a chatbot that only responds one prompt a chatbot that only responds one prompt a chatbot that only responds one prompt at a time, AI agents, they run at a time, AI agents, they run at a time, AI agents, they run autonomously. They go through a number autonomously. They go through a number autonomously. They go through a number of stages. So first of all they perceive of stages. So first of all they perceive of stages. So first of all they perceive their environment. Once they've done their environment. Once they've done their environment. Once they've done that they move on to a reasoning stage that they move on to a reasoning stage that they move on to a reasoning stage and that's where they look to see what and that's where they look to see what and that's where they look to see what the next best steps forwards are. Then the next best steps forwards are. Then the next best steps forwards are. Then they move on to act on the plan that they move on to act on the plan that they move on to act on the plan that it's built through the reasoning and it's built through the reasoning and it's built through the reasoning and then observe the results of that action then observe the results of that action then observe the results of that action and around and around we go. Now, agents and around and around we go. Now, agents and around and around we go. Now, agents can work as well in all sorts of roles. can work as well in all sorts of roles. can work as well in all sorts of roles. They could be your travel agent to book They could be your travel agent to book They could be your travel agent to book a trip. They could be your data analyst a trip. They could be your data analyst a trip. They could be your data analyst to spot trends in quarterly reports. Or to spot trends in quarterly reports. Or to spot trends in quarterly reports. Or they could perform the role of a DevOps they could perform the role of a DevOps they could perform the role of a DevOps engineer detecting anomalies in logs and engineer detecting anomalies in logs and engineer detecting anomalies in logs and spinning up containers to test fixes and spinning up containers to test fixes and spinning up containers to test fixes and rolling back faulty deployments. And AI rolling back faulty deployments. And AI rolling back faulty deployments. And AI agents are typically built using a agents are typically built using a agents are typically built using a particular form of large language models particular form of large language models particular form of large language models and that is known as number two large and that is known as number two large and that is known as number two large reasoning models. Now these are reasoning models. Now these are reasoning models. Now these are specialized LLMs that have undergone specialized LLMs that have undergone specialized LLMs that have undergone reasoning focused fine-tuning. So unlike reasoning focused fine-tuning. So unlike reasoning focused fine-tuning. So unlike regular LLMs that generate responses regular LLMs that generate responses regular LLMs that generate responses immediately, reasoning models, they're immediately, reasoning models, they're immediately, reasoning models, they're trained to work through problems step by trained to work through problems step by trained to work through problems step by step, which is exactly what agents need step, which is exactly what agents need step, which is exactly what agents need when planning complex multi-step tasks. when planning complex multi-step tasks. when planning complex multi-step tasks. Now, the reasoning model is trained on Now, the reasoning model is trained on Now, the reasoning model is trained on problems with verifiably correct problems with verifiably correct problems with verifiably correct answers. So math problems or code that answers. So math problems or code that answers. So math problems or code that can be tested by compilers. And through can be tested by compilers. And through can be tested by compilers. And through reinforcement learning, the model learns reinforcement learning, the model learns reinforcement learning, the model learns to generate reasoning sequences that to generate reasoning sequences that to generate reasoning sequences that lead to correct final answers. So every lead to correct final answers. So every lead to correct final answers. So every time you see a chatbot pause before it time you see a chatbot pause before it time you see a chatbot pause before it responds back to you by saying thinking, responds back to you by saying thinking, responds back to you by saying thinking, well, that's the reasoning model at well, that's the reasoning model at well, that's the reasoning model at work, generating an internal chain of work, generating an internal chain of work, generating an internal chain of thought to break down a problem step by thought to break down a problem step by thought to break down a problem step by step before generating a response. Now step before generating a response. Now step before generating a response. Now let's get a bit lower level and talk let's get a bit lower level and talk let's get a bit lower level and talk about number three which is vector about number three which is vector about number three which is vector database. So in a vector database we database. So in a vector database we database. So in a vector database we don't store raw data like text files and don't store raw data like text files and don't store raw data like text files and like images just as blobs of data. We like images just as blobs of data. We like images just as blobs of data. We actually use something called an actually use something called an actually use something called an embedding model. And that embedding embedding model. And that embedding embedding model. And that embedding model is used to convert that data from model is used to convert that data from model is used to convert that data from these images here into actually a these images here into actually a these images here into actually a vector. Now what is a vector? Well, a vector. Now what is a vector? Well, a vector. Now what is a vector? Well, a vector is essentially just kind of a a vector is essentially just kind of a a vector is essentially just kind of a a long list of numbers. And that long list long list of numbers. And that long list long list of numbers. And that long list of numbers captures the semantic meaning of numbers captures the semantic meaning of numbers captures the semantic meaning of the context. Now what's the benefit of the context. Now what's the benefit of the context. Now what's the benefit of doing that? Well, in a vector of doing that? Well, in a vector of doing that? Well, in a vector database, we can perform searches as database, we can perform searches as database, we can perform searches as mathematical operations looking for mathematical operations looking for mathematical operations looking for vector embeddings that are close to each vector embeddings that are close to each vector embeddings that are close to each other. And that translates to finding other. And that translates to finding other. And that translates to finding semantically similar content. So, we semantically similar content. So, we semantically similar content. So, we might start with, let's say, a picture might start with, let's say, a picture might start with, let's say, a picture of a mountain vista, something like of a mountain vista, something like of a mountain vista, something like this. And then that picture is broken this. And then that picture is broken this. And then that picture is broken down by the embedding model into down by the embedding model into down by the embedding model into vectors, a multi-dimensional numeric vectors, a multi-dimensional numeric vectors, a multi-dimensional numeric vector. And we can perform a similarity vector. And we can perform a similarity vector. And we can perform a similarity search to find items that are similar to search to find items that are similar to search to find items that are similar to that mountain picture by finding the that mountain picture by finding the that mountain picture by finding the closest vectors in the embedding space. closest vectors in the embedding space. closest vectors in the embedding space. Or it could be similar text articles or Or it could be similar text articles or Or it could be similar text articles or it could be similar music files, it could be similar music files, it could be similar music files, whatever you want. Now vector databases whatever you want. Now vector databases whatever you want. Now vector databases they play a big role in implementing they play a big role in implementing they play a big role in implementing number four and that is rag or retrieval number four and that is rag or retrieval number four and that is rag or retrieval augmented generation. Now rag makes use augmented generation. Now rag makes use augmented generation. Now rag makes use of these vector databases and it uses it of these vector databases and it uses it of these vector databases and it uses it to enrich prompts to an LLM. So we start to enrich prompts to an LLM. So we start to enrich prompts to an LLM. So we start here with a rag retriever component. here with a rag retriever component. here with a rag retriever component. Now, that might take in an input prompt Now, that might take in an input prompt Now, that might take in an input prompt from a user and it's going to turn it from a user and it's going to turn it from a user and it's going to turn it into a vector using an embedding into a vector using an embedding into a vector using an embedding model. That's the thing that turns it model. That's the thing that turns it model. That's the thing that turns it into that series of numbers. And then into that series of numbers. And then into that series of numbers. And then once we've done that, we can perform a once we've done that, we can perform a once we've done that, we can perform a similarity search in the vector similarity search in the vector similarity search in the vector database. Now that vector database will database. Now that vector database will database. Now that vector database will return something and we'll return that return something and we'll return that return something and we'll return that all the way back to the large language all the way back to the large language all the way back to the large language model prompt that we started with and model prompt that we started with and model prompt that we started with and we'll embed into that prompt now the we'll embed into that prompt now the we'll embed into that prompt now the stuff that came out of that vector stuff that came out of that vector stuff that came out of that vector database. So I can I can ask a question database. So I can I can ask a question database. So I can I can ask a question about let's say company policy and then about let's say company policy and then about let's say company policy and then this rag system is going to pull the this rag system is going to pull the this rag system is going to pull the relevant section from the employee relevant section from the employee relevant section from the employee handbook to include in the prompt. Now handbook to include in the prompt. Now handbook to include in the prompt. Now number five that's model context number five that's model context number five that's model context protocol or MCP. This is a really protocol or MCP. This is a really protocol or MCP. This is a really exciting one because for large language exciting one because for large language exciting one because for large language models to be truly useful they need to models to be truly useful they need to models to be truly useful they need to interact with external data sources and interact with external data sources and interact with external data sources and services and tools and MCP standardizes services and tools and MCP standardizes services and tools and MCP standardizes how applications provide context to how applications provide context to how applications provide context to LLMs. So if you want your large language LLMs. So if you want your large language LLMs. So if you want your large language model here to be able to connect to model here to be able to connect to model here to be able to connect to stuff, perhaps we want to connect to an stuff, perhaps we want to connect to an stuff, perhaps we want to connect to an external database or maybe we want to go external database or maybe we want to go external database or maybe we want to go to some kind of code repository or maybe to some kind of code repository or maybe to some kind of code repository or maybe even to an email server or really any even to an email server or really any even to an email server or really any kind of external system. Well, MCP makes kind of external system. Well, MCP makes kind of external system. Well, MCP makes that connection standardized. So instead that connection standardized. So instead that connection standardized. So instead of developers having to build one-off of developers having to build one-off of developers having to build one-off connections for each new tool, MCP connections for each new tool, MCP connections for each new tool, MCP provides a standardized way for AI to provides a standardized way for AI to provides a standardized way for AI to access your systems. So basically we access your systems. So basically we access your systems. So basically we have here an MCP server and that is how have here an MCP server and that is how have here an MCP server and that is how the AI knows exactly what to do to get the AI knows exactly what to do to get the AI knows exactly what to do to get through to any one of these tools. It through to any one of these tools. It through to any one of these tools. It connects through that MCP server connects through that MCP server connects through that MCP server connection. Okay. Now for number six, connection. Okay. Now for number six, connection. Okay. Now for number six, that's mixture of experts or MOE. And that's mixture of experts or MOE. And that's mixture of experts or MOE. And we've had the idea of for a good while we've had the idea of for a good while we've had the idea of for a good while actually since a paper was published in actually since a paper was published in actually since a paper was published in a scientific journal in 1991. But it's a scientific journal in 1991. But it's a scientific journal in 1991. But it's never been more relevant than it is never been more relevant than it is never been more relevant than it is today. You see, divides a large language today. You see, divides a large language today. You see, divides a large language model into a series of experts. I'm just model into a series of experts. I'm just model into a series of experts. I'm just going to draw three, but there could be going to draw three, but there could be going to draw three, but there could be 100 plus of these. These are specialized 100 plus of these. These are specialized 100 plus of these. These are specialized neural subnet networks. And then it uses neural subnet networks. And then it uses neural subnet networks. And then it uses a routing mechanism to activate only the a routing mechanism to activate only the a routing mechanism to activate only the agents it needs for a particular task or agents it needs for a particular task or agents it needs for a particular task or only the experts in this case that it only the experts in this case that it only the experts in this case that it needs for a task. And then well then needs for a task. And then well then needs for a task. And then well then it's going to perform a merge process. it's going to perform a merge process. it's going to perform a merge process. So because we activated these two So because we activated these two So because we activated these two experts, we'll merge these two. And this experts, we'll merge these two. And this experts, we'll merge these two. And this performs mathematical operations to performs mathematical operations to performs mathematical operations to combine the output from these different combine the output from these different combine the output from these different experts into a single representation experts into a single representation experts into a single representation that continues through the rest of the that continues through the rest of the that continues through the rest of the model. And it's a a really efficient way model. And it's a a really efficient way model. And it's a a really efficient way to scale up model size without to scale up model size without to scale up model size without proportional increases in compute cost. proportional increases in compute cost. proportional increases in compute cost. So for example, models like IBM Granite So for example, models like IBM Granite So for example, models like IBM Granite 4.0 series that can have dozens of 4.0 series that can have dozens of 4.0 series that can have dozens of different experts here, but for any different experts here, but for any different experts here, but for any given token, it'll only activate the given token, it'll only activate the given token, it'll only activate the specific experts it needs. And that specific experts it needs. And that specific experts it needs. And that means that while the whole model might means that while the whole model might means that while the whole model might have billions of total parameters, it have billions of total parameters, it have billions of total parameters, it only uses a fraction of those active only uses a fraction of those active only uses a fraction of those active parameters at inference time. And look, parameters at inference time. And look, parameters at inference time. And look, for number seven, I'm going to throw in for number seven, I'm going to throw in for number seven, I'm going to throw in a big one. ASI, artificial super a big one. ASI, artificial super a big one. ASI, artificial super intelligence. It's the goal of all the intelligence. It's the goal of all the intelligence. It's the goal of all the frontier AI labs. And at this point, it frontier AI labs. And at this point, it frontier AI labs. And at this point, it is purely theoretical. It doesn't is purely theoretical. It doesn't is purely theoretical. It doesn't actually exist, and we don't know if it actually exist, and we don't know if it actually exist, and we don't know if it ever will. Now today's best models ever will. Now today's best models ever will. Now today's best models they're slowly approaching a different they're slowly approaching a different they're slowly approaching a different standard which is A GI that's artificial standard which is A GI that's artificial standard which is A GI that's artificial general intelligence. Now that's also general intelligence. Now that's also general intelligence. Now that's also theoretical but if realized a GI will be theoretical but if realized a GI will be theoretical but if realized a GI will be able to complete all cognitive tasks as able to complete all cognitive tasks as able to complete all cognitive tasks as well as any human expert. A SI is one well as any human expert. A SI is one well as any human expert. A SI is one step beyond that. So ASI systems would step beyond that. So ASI systems would step beyond that. So ASI systems would have an intellectual scope beyond human have an intellectual scope beyond human have an intellectual scope beyond human level intelligence potentially capable level intelligence potentially capable level intelligence potentially capable of recursive self-improvement. So of recursive self-improvement. So of recursive self-improvement. So basically an ASI system could redesign basically an ASI system could redesign basically an ASI system could redesign and upgrade itself becoming ever smarter and upgrade itself becoming ever smarter and upgrade itself becoming ever smarter in an endless cycle. It's the kind of in an endless cycle. It's the kind of in an endless cycle. It's the kind of development that would either solve development that would either solve development that would either solve humanity's biggest problems or create humanity's biggest problems or create humanity's biggest problems or create entirely new ones that we can't even entirely new ones that we can't even entirely new ones that we can't even imagine yet. And if that happens, well, imagine yet. And if that happens, well, imagine yet. And if that happens, well, I think it's probably a pretty good idea I think it's probably a pretty good idea I think it's probably a pretty good idea that we keep the term ASI on our radar. that we keep the term ASI on our radar. that we keep the term ASI on our radar. So, that's my seven. But I'm curious, So, that's my seven. But I'm curious, So, that's my seven. But I'm curious, what's the AI term you think that should what's the AI term you think that should what's the AI term you think that should have made it onto this list? Let me know have made it onto this list? Let me know have made it onto this list? Let me know in the comments. in the comments. in the comments. &gt;&gt; Hey, Martin. &gt;&gt; Hey, Martin. &gt;&gt; Hey, Martin. &gt;&gt; Hey, Graeme. &gt;&gt; Hey, Graeme. &gt;&gt; Hey, Graeme. &gt;&gt; Hey, this is really cool stuff. This AI, &gt;&gt; Hey, this is really cool stuff. This AI, &gt;&gt; Hey, this is really cool stuff. This AI, these terms, fascinating. these terms, fascinating. these terms, fascinating. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and I came up with seven, but I &gt;&gt; Yeah, and I came up with seven, but I &gt;&gt; Yeah, and I came up with seven, but I could probably come up with 70. There's could probably come up with 70. There's could probably come up with 70. There's so much going on in this space. so much going on in this space. so much going on in this space. &gt;&gt; I I I bet you could. And you know what? &gt;&gt; I I I bet you could. And you know what? &gt;&gt; I I I bet you could. And you know what? There is so much going on. We are There is so much going on. We are There is so much going on. We are actually going to be talking about AI a actually going to be talking about AI a actually going to be talking about AI a lot at the IBM Tech Exchange Conference lot at the IBM Tech Exchange Conference lot at the IBM Tech Exchange Conference in Orlando this October. in Orlando this October. in Orlando this October. &gt;&gt; And you know what? I'm going to be there &gt;&gt; And you know what? I'm going to be there &gt;&gt; And you know what? I'm going to be there as well. as well. as well. &gt;&gt; I know. It's going to be so exciting. &gt;&gt; I know. It's going to be so exciting. &gt;&gt; I know. It's going to be so exciting. There's going to be so much going on. We There's going to be so much going on. We There's going to be so much going on. We are going to have, let's see, we're are going to have, let's see, we're are going to have, let's see, we're going to have boot camps. We're going to going to have boot camps. We're going to going to have boot camps. We're going to have workshops. There's going to be have workshops. There's going to be have workshops. There's going to be sessions. There's going to be live sessions. There's going to be live sessions. There's going to be live demos, certifications, demos, certifications, demos, certifications, all kinds of things going on. So much all kinds of things going on. So much all kinds of things going on. So much more when it comes to AI. But but more when it comes to AI. But but more when it comes to AI. But but Martin, what are you going to be doing Martin, what are you going to be doing Martin, what are you going to be doing there? there? there? &gt;&gt; Well, I'm going to be bringing my &gt;&gt; Well, I'm going to be bringing my &gt;&gt; Well, I'm going to be bringing my lightboard pens and this lightboard to lightboard pens and this lightboard to lightboard pens and this lightboard to the sessions as well. the sessions as well. the sessions as well. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, that's so exciting. I'm so &gt;&gt; Oh my god, that's so exciting. I'm so &gt;&gt; Oh my god, that's so exciting. I'm so excited to have you there. excited to have you there. excited to have you there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so we're actually going to have a &gt;&gt; Yeah, so we're actually going to have a &gt;&gt; Yeah, so we're actually going to have a lightboard studio set up. And uh we're lightboard studio set up. And uh we're lightboard studio set up. And uh we're going to be performing lightboards live. going to be performing lightboards live. going to be performing lightboards live. So if you always wondered how do I write So if you always wondered how do I write So if you always wondered how do I write backwards, you're going to find out in backwards, you're going to find out in backwards, you're going to find out in person at the event. And uh also we'll person at the event. And uh also we'll person at the event. And uh also we'll be kind of teaching how to perform a be kind of teaching how to perform a be kind of teaching how to perform a lightboard video yourself, the sort of lightboard video yourself, the sort of lightboard video yourself, the sort of things that you need to know for that. things that you need to know for that. things that you need to know for that. &gt;&gt; Wow. So, you get to meet a celebrity and &gt;&gt; Wow. So, you get to meet a celebrity and &gt;&gt; Wow. So, you get to meet a celebrity and maybe become one yourself. That sounds maybe become one yourself. That sounds maybe become one yourself. That sounds really exciting. I can't wait to welcome really exciting. I can't wait to welcome really exciting. I can't wait to welcome you uh down to Orlando. It's just going you uh down to Orlando. It's just going you uh down to Orlando. It's just going to be a blast. So, looking forward to to be a blast. So, looking forward to to be a blast. So, looking forward to it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Can't wait. &gt;&gt; Can't wait. &gt;&gt; Can't wait. &gt;&gt; All right. Hope we see you there, too. &gt;&gt; All right. Hope we see you there, too. &gt;&gt; All right. Hope we see you there, too. So go to ibm.com/tech So go to ibm.com/tech So go to ibm.com/tech exchange and we'll see you down
