[Music] [Music] In the next 10 to 15 minutes, here's uh In the next 10 to 15 minutes, here's uh In the next 10 to 15 minutes, here's uh I guess my promise to you. I'm going to I guess my promise to you. I'm going to I guess my promise to you. I'm going to give you some information give you some information give you some information that will be high level. There will be that will be high level. There will be that will be high level. There will be some practical component to it. But this some practical component to it. But this some practical component to it. But this information I'll give you within the information I'll give you within the information I'll give you within the next 6 months will be very relevant and next 6 months will be very relevant and next 6 months will be very relevant and it will put you in the best position to it will put you in the best position to it will put you in the best position to build the best AI applications to build build the best AI applications to build build the best AI applications to build the best agents that are believable, the best agents that are believable, the best agents that are believable, capable, and reliable. capable, and reliable. capable, and reliable. I know we we going to get there. I know we we going to get there. I know we we going to get there. You know what? Just for you. There we You know what? Just for you. There we You know what? Just for you. There we go. You're welcome. So, we're going to go. You're welcome. So, we're going to go. You're welcome. So, we're going to be talking about a memory. Um, be talking about a memory. Um, be talking about a memory. Um, we're going to be talking we're going to be talking we're going to be talking about the stateless applications that about the stateless applications that about the stateless applications that we're bu building today and how we can we're bu building today and how we can we're bu building today and how we can make them stateful. We're going to be make them stateful. We're going to be make them stateful. We're going to be talking about the prompt engineering talking about the prompt engineering talking about the prompt engineering that we're doing today and how we can that we're doing today and how we can that we're doing today and how we can reduce that by focusing on persistence. reduce that by focusing on persistence. reduce that by focusing on persistence. We're going to be turning the responses We're going to be turning the responses We're going to be turning the responses in our AI application and making our in our AI application and making our in our AI application and making our agents build relationship with our agents build relationship with our agents build relationship with our customers and all of it is going to be customers and all of it is going to be customers and all of it is going to be centered around memory. centered around memory. centered around memory. So I'm going to do a very quick So I'm going to do a very quick So I'm going to do a very quick evolution of what we've been seeing for evolution of what we've been seeing for evolution of what we've been seeing for the past two to three years. the past two to three years. the past two to three years. We started off with chat bots. LMN power We started off with chat bots. LMN power We started off with chat bots. LMN power chatbots. They were great. Chat GPT came chatbots. They were great. Chat GPT came chatbots. They were great. Chat GPT came out November 2022 and yeah exploded. out November 2022 and yeah exploded. out November 2022 and yeah exploded. Then we went into rag. We gave this chat Then we went into rag. We gave this chat Then we went into rag. We gave this chat bots more domain specific relevant bots more domain specific relevant bots more domain specific relevant knowledge and it gave us more knowledge and it gave us more knowledge and it gave us more personalized responses. Then we begin to personalized responses. Then we begin to personalized responses. Then we begin to scale the compute, the data we're giving scale the compute, the data we're giving scale the compute, the data we're giving to the LLMs and they gave us emerging to the LLMs and they gave us emerging to the LLMs and they gave us emerging capabilities, right? Reasoning uh tool capabilities, right? Reasoning uh tool capabilities, right? Reasoning uh tool use. Now we're in the world of AI agents use. Now we're in the world of AI agents use. Now we're in the world of AI agents and agentic systems and agentic systems and agentic systems and the big debate is what is an agent, and the big debate is what is an agent, and the big debate is what is an agent, right? What is an AI agent? I don't like right? What is an AI agent? I don't like right? What is an AI agent? I don't like to go into that debate because that's to go into that debate because that's to go into that debate because that's like asking what is consciousness like asking what is consciousness like asking what is consciousness um is a spectrum. the agenticity and um is a spectrum. the agenticity and um is a spectrum. the agenticity and that's a word now agenticity that's a word now agenticity that's a word now agenticity of uh of an agent is is a spectrum so of uh of an agent is is a spectrum so of uh of an agent is is a spectrum so they're different levels they're different levels they're different levels I came here and I saw Whimo and to me I came here and I saw Whimo and to me I came here and I saw Whimo and to me was pure sorcery we don't have that in was pure sorcery we don't have that in was pure sorcery we don't have that in the UK and they're different levels of the UK and they're different levels of the UK and they're different levels of um self-driving so you can look at the um self-driving so you can look at the um self-driving so you can look at the genetic spectrum in that respect we have genetic spectrum in that respect we have genetic spectrum in that respect we have a minimal agent whereas an LLM running a minimal agent whereas an LLM running a minimal agent whereas an LLM running the loop great then you have a level the loop great then you have a level the loop great then you have a level four is autonomous agent a bunch of four is autonomous agent a bunch of four is autonomous agent a bunch of agents that have access to tools you agents that have access to tools you agents that have access to tools you they can do whatever they want. They're they can do whatever they want. They're they can do whatever they want. They're not prompted in any way or a minimal not prompted in any way or a minimal not prompted in any way or a minimal way. But this is how I see things is a way. But this is how I see things is a way. But this is how I see things is a spectrum. So what is an AI agent? It's a spectrum. So what is an AI agent? It's a spectrum. So what is an AI agent? It's a computational entity with awareness of computational entity with awareness of computational entity with awareness of his environment through perception, his environment through perception, his environment through perception, cognitive abilities through an LLM and cognitive abilities through an LLM and cognitive abilities through an LLM and also can take action through tool use. also can take action through tool use. also can take action through tool use. But the most important bit is there is But the most important bit is there is But the most important bit is there is some form of memory short-term or some form of memory short-term or some form of memory short-term or long-term. long-term. long-term. Memory is important. It's important Memory is important. It's important Memory is important. It's important because we're trying to make our agents because we're trying to make our agents because we're trying to make our agents reflective, interactive, proactive, and reflective, interactive, proactive, and reflective, interactive, proactive, and reactive and autonomous. And every most reactive and autonomous. And every most reactive and autonomous. And every most of this, if not all, can be solved with of this, if not all, can be solved with of this, if not all, can be solved with memory. memory. memory. Um, I work at MongoDB and we're going to Um, I work at MongoDB and we're going to Um, I work at MongoDB and we're going to make we're going to connect the dots, make we're going to connect the dots, make we're going to connect the dots, don't worry. So, this is all nice and don't worry. So, this is all nice and don't worry. So, this is all nice and good. This is what what you look at if good. This is what what you look at if good. This is what what you look at if you um double click into one AI agent you um double click into one AI agent you um double click into one AI agent is. But the most important bit to me is is. But the most important bit to me is is. But the most important bit to me is I'll go slide. People are taking I'll go slide. People are taking I'll go slide. People are taking pictures. Sorry. pictures. Sorry. pictures. Sorry. All right, let's go. The most important All right, let's go. The most important All right, let's go. The most important bit is memory. And when we talk about bit is memory. And when we talk about bit is memory. And when we talk about memory, the easy way you can think about memory, the easy way you can think about memory, the easy way you can think about it is short-term, long-term, but there it is short-term, long-term, but there it is short-term, long-term, but there al other distinct forms, right? Um, al other distinct forms, right? Um, al other distinct forms, right? Um, conversational entity memory, knowledge, conversational entity memory, knowledge, conversational entity memory, knowledge, data, store, cache, working memory. data, store, cache, working memory. data, store, cache, working memory. We're going to be talking about all of We're going to be talking about all of We're going to be talking about all of that today. So, these are the high level that today. So, these are the high level that today. So, these are the high level concepts. concepts. concepts. But let me go a little bit metal. But let me go a little bit metal. But let me go a little bit metal. why we're all here um today in this why we're all here um today in this why we're all here um today in this conference is because of AI, right? conference is because of AI, right? conference is because of AI, right? We're all architects of intelligence. We're all architects of intelligence. We're all architects of intelligence. The whole point of AI is to build some The whole point of AI is to build some The whole point of AI is to build some form of computational entity that form of computational entity that form of computational entity that surpasses human intelligence or mimics surpasses human intelligence or mimics surpasses human intelligence or mimics it. Then AGI, it. Then AGI, it. Then AGI, we're focused on making that we're focused on making that we're focused on making that intelligence surpass humans in all tasks intelligence surpass humans in all tasks intelligence surpass humans in all tasks we can think of. And if you think about we can think of. And if you think about we can think of. And if you think about the most intelligent humans, you know, the most intelligent humans, you know, the most intelligent humans, you know, what determines the intelligence is what determines the intelligence is what determines the intelligence is their ability to recall. It's their their ability to recall. It's their their ability to recall. It's their memory. So if we if AI or AGI is meant memory. So if we if AI or AGI is meant memory. So if we if AI or AGI is meant to mimic human intelligence is a to mimic human intelligence is a to mimic human intelligence is a no-brainer, no pun intended, that we no-brainer, no pun intended, that we no-brainer, no pun intended, that we need memory within the agents that we're need memory within the agents that we're need memory within the agents that we're building today. Does anyone disagree? building today. Does anyone disagree? building today. Does anyone disagree? Good. I would have kicked you out. Um, Good. I would have kicked you out. Um, Good. I would have kicked you out. Um, okay, let's go. So humans, you in your okay, let's go. So humans, you in your okay, let's go. So humans, you in your brain right now, you have these, you brain right now, you have these, you brain right now, you have these, you have this. This is not what it looks have this. This is not what it looks have this. This is not what it looks like, but it's close enough. You have like, but it's close enough. You have like, but it's close enough. You have different forms of memory, and that's different forms of memory, and that's different forms of memory, and that's what makes you intelligent. That's what what makes you intelligent. That's what what makes you intelligent. That's what makes you retain some of the information makes you retain some of the information makes you retain some of the information I'm going to be giving you today. There I'm going to be giving you today. There I'm going to be giving you today. There is short-term, long-term, working is short-term, long-term, working is short-term, long-term, working memory, semantic, episodic, procedural memory, semantic, episodic, procedural memory, semantic, episodic, procedural memory. Um, in your brain right now, memory. Um, in your brain right now, memory. Um, in your brain right now, there is something called a cerebellum. there is something called a cerebellum. there is something called a cerebellum. I always get the word wrong, but that's I always get the word wrong, but that's I always get the word wrong, but that's where you store most of the routines and where you store most of the routines and where you store most of the routines and skills you can do. Can anyone here do a skills you can do. Can anyone here do a skills you can do. Can anyone here do a backflip? backflip? backflip? Really? Wow. You just see my excitement. Really? Wow. You just see my excitement. Really? Wow. You just see my excitement. Um Um Um your the information or the knowledge of your the information or the knowledge of your the information or the knowledge of that bat flip is actually stored in that that bat flip is actually stored in that that bat flip is actually stored in that part of your brain. So I heard it's 90% part of your brain. So I heard it's 90% part of your brain. So I heard it's 90% confidence by the way confidence by the way confidence by the way that is actually it is right. I'm not that is actually it is right. I'm not that is actually it is right. I'm not going to do one but but it's stored in going to do one but but it's stored in going to do one but but it's stored in that part of your brain. Now you can that part of your brain. Now you can that part of your brain. Now you can actually mimic this in agents and I'm actually mimic this in agents and I'm actually mimic this in agents and I'm going to show you how. But now we're going to show you how. But now we're going to show you how. But now we're talking about agent memory. talking about agent memory. talking about agent memory. Agent memory is the mechanisms that we Agent memory is the mechanisms that we Agent memory is the mechanisms that we are implementing to actually make sure are implementing to actually make sure are implementing to actually make sure that states persist in our AI that states persist in our AI that states persist in our AI application. application. application. Our agents are able to accumulate Our agents are able to accumulate Our agents are able to accumulate information, turn data into memory and information, turn data into memory and information, turn data into memory and have it inform the next ex execution have it inform the next ex execution have it inform the next ex execution step. But the goal is to make them more step. But the goal is to make them more step. But the goal is to make them more reliable, believable, and capable. reliable, believable, and capable. reliable, believable, and capable. Those are the key things. Those are the key things. Those are the key things. And the core topic that we are going to And the core topic that we are going to And the core topic that we are going to be working on as AI memory engineers is be working on as AI memory engineers is be working on as AI memory engineers is on memory management. We're going to be on memory management. We're going to be on memory management. We're going to be building memory management systems. And building memory management systems. And building memory management systems. And memory management is a systematic memory management is a systematic memory management is a systematic process of organizing all the process of organizing all the process of organizing all the information that you're putting into the information that you're putting into the information that you're putting into the context window. Yes, we have like large context window. Yes, we have like large context window. Yes, we have like large context window, but that's not for you context window, but that's not for you context window, but that's not for you to stuff all your data in. That's for to stuff all your data in. That's for to stuff all your data in. That's for you to pull in the relevant memory and you to pull in the relevant memory and you to pull in the relevant memory and structure them in a way that is structure them in a way that is structure them in a way that is effective that allows for the response effective that allows for the response effective that allows for the response um to be relevant. um to be relevant. um to be relevant. So these are the core components of So these are the core components of So these are the core components of memory management. Generation, storage, memory management. Generation, storage, memory management. Generation, storage, retrieval, integration, updating, retrieval, integration, updating, retrieval, integration, updating, deletion. There's a lie here because you deletion. There's a lie here because you deletion. There's a lie here because you you don't delete memories. Humans don't you don't delete memories. Humans don't you don't delete memories. Humans don't delete their memories except traumatic delete their memories except traumatic delete their memories except traumatic one and you want to forget. But we one and you want to forget. But we one and you want to forget. But we really should be looking at implementing really should be looking at implementing really should be looking at implementing forgetting mechanisms within the memory forgetting mechanisms within the memory forgetting mechanisms within the memory management systems that we're building. management systems that we're building. management systems that we're building. You don't want to delete memories. And a You don't want to delete memories. And a You don't want to delete memories. And a different research papers are looking at different research papers are looking at different research papers are looking at how to implement some form of forgetting how to implement some form of forgetting how to implement some form of forgetting within agents. within agents. within agents. But the most important bit is retrieval. But the most important bit is retrieval. But the most important bit is retrieval. And I'm getting to the MongoDB part. And I'm getting to the MongoDB part. And I'm getting to the MongoDB part. This moving around um this is rag. It's This moving around um this is rag. It's This moving around um this is rag. It's very simple, right? because we've been very simple, right? because we've been very simple, right? because we've been doing it as AI engineers. Um, MongoDB doing it as AI engineers. Um, MongoDB doing it as AI engineers. Um, MongoDB is that one database that is core to rag is that one database that is core to rag is that one database that is core to rag pipelines because it gives you all the pipelines because it gives you all the pipelines because it gives you all the retrieval mechanisms. Rag is not just retrieval mechanisms. Rag is not just retrieval mechanisms. Rag is not just vector. Vector search is not all you vector. Vector search is not all you vector. Vector search is not all you need. You need other type of search and need. You need other type of search and need. You need other type of search and we have that with MongoDB. Anything you we have that with MongoDB. Anything you we have that with MongoDB. Anything you can think of, you're going to be hearing can think of, you're going to be hearing can think of, you're going to be hearing a lot about MongoDB in this um in this a lot about MongoDB in this um in this a lot about MongoDB in this um in this conference today. But this is what rag conference today. But this is what rag conference today. But this is what rag is and you level up. You go into the is and you level up. You go into the is and you level up. You go into the world of agentic rag, right? You give world of agentic rag, right? You give world of agentic rag, right? You give the retrieval capability to the agent as the retrieval capability to the agent as the retrieval capability to the agent as a tool. And now we can choose when to a tool. And now we can choose when to a tool. And now we can choose when to call on information. call on information. call on information. There's a lot going on. I I'll send this There's a lot going on. I I'll send this There's a lot going on. I I'll send this somehow to you guys or you can come to somehow to you guys or you can come to somehow to you guys or you can come to me and I'll um LinkedIn it to you. Add me and I'll um LinkedIn it to you. Add me and I'll um LinkedIn it to you. Add me on LinkedIn me on LinkedIn me on LinkedIn and just ask for the slice and I'll send and just ask for the slice and I'll send and just ask for the slice and I'll send it to you. Richmond on LinkedIn. Um this it to you. Richmond on LinkedIn. Um this it to you. Richmond on LinkedIn. Um this is memory. is memory. is memory. MongoDB MongoDB MongoDB is the memory provider for Aentic is the memory provider for Aentic is the memory provider for Aentic systems. And when you understand that we systems. And when you understand that we systems. And when you understand that we provide the developer, the AI memory provide the developer, the AI memory provide the developer, the AI memory engineer, the AI engineer all the engineer, the AI engineer all the engineer, the AI engineer all the features that they need to turn data features that they need to turn data features that they need to turn data into memory to make the agents into memory to make the agents into memory to make the agents believable, capable, and reliable. You believable, capable, and reliable. You believable, capable, and reliable. You begin to understand the importance of begin to understand the importance of begin to understand the importance of having a technology partner like MongoDB having a technology partner like MongoDB having a technology partner like MongoDB on your AI stack. on your AI stack. on your AI stack. So these are this is the same um image So these are this is the same um image So these are this is the same um image but just a bit more focused and not a but just a bit more focused and not a but just a bit more focused and not a different memory. So I'm going to skip different memory. So I'm going to skip different memory. So I'm going to skip through this slide because I go into a through this slide because I go into a through this slide because I go into a bit of detail. Um I'm also going to give bit of detail. Um I'm also going to give bit of detail. Um I'm also going to give you a library. I'm working on an open you a library. I'm working on an open you a library. I'm working on an open source library. I'm ashamed of the name. source library. I'm ashamed of the name. source library. I'm ashamed of the name. I was trying to be cool when I came up I was trying to be cool when I came up I was trying to be cool when I came up with it. It's called Memoriz. with it. It's called Memoriz. with it. It's called Memoriz. Um Um Um you can type that on Google. You'll find you can type that on Google. You'll find you can type that on Google. You'll find it. But it has all the design patterns it. But it has all the design patterns it. But it has all the design patterns of all of this memory that I'm showing of all of this memory that I'm showing of all of this memory that I'm showing you. for this memory types and that I you. for this memory types and that I you. for this memory types and that I will show you as well. But there are will show you as well. But there are will show you as well. But there are different forms of memory and AI agents different forms of memory and AI agents different forms of memory and AI agents and how we make them work. So let's and how we make them work. So let's and how we make them work. So let's start with persona who's is anyone here start with persona who's is anyone here start with persona who's is anyone here from open AI from open AI from open AI leave. I'm joking. Um well a couple a leave. I'm joking. Um well a couple a leave. I'm joking. Um well a couple a couple months ago right so they they couple months ago right so they they couple months ago right so they they gave chat GBT a bit of personality right gave chat GBT a bit of personality right gave chat GBT a bit of personality right um and they didn't do a good job but um and they didn't do a good job but um and they didn't do a good job but they are going in the right direction they are going in the right direction they are going in the right direction which is we are trying to make our which is we are trying to make our which is we are trying to make our systems more believable right we're systems more believable right we're systems more believable right we're trying to make them more human we're trying to make them more human we're trying to make them more human we're trying to make them create relationship trying to make them create relationship trying to make them create relationship with the consumer with the users of our with the consumer with the users of our with the consumer with the users of our systems persona memory helps with that systems persona memory helps with that systems persona memory helps with that and you can model that in MongoD DB, and you can model that in MongoD DB, and you can model that in MongoD DB, right? This is memories. You if you spin right? This is memories. You if you spin right? This is memories. You if you spin up the library, it helps you um spin up up the library, it helps you um spin up up the library, it helps you um spin up all of this um different type of memory all of this um different type of memory all of this um different type of memory types. So, this is persona. Um I have a types. So, this is persona. Um I have a types. So, this is persona. Um I have a little demo if we have time. Um little demo if we have time. Um little demo if we have time. Um but this is persona memory. This is what but this is persona memory. This is what but this is persona memory. This is what it will look like in MongoDB. Then it will look like in MongoDB. Then it will look like in MongoDB. Then there's toolbox. there's toolbox. there's toolbox. Um the guidance from OpenAI is you Um the guidance from OpenAI is you Um the guidance from OpenAI is you should only put uh the schema of maybe should only put uh the schema of maybe should only put uh the schema of maybe 10 to 21 tools in the context window. 10 to 21 tools in the context window. 10 to 21 tools in the context window. But when you use your database as a But when you use your database as a But when you use your database as a toolbox where you're storing the JSON toolbox where you're storing the JSON toolbox where you're storing the JSON schema of your tools in MongoDB, you can schema of your tools in MongoDB, you can schema of your tools in MongoDB, you can scale because just before you hit the scale because just before you hit the scale because just before you hit the LLM, you can just get the relevant tool LLM, you can just get the relevant tool LLM, you can just get the relevant tool using any form of search. So that's using any form of search. So that's using any form of search. So that's toolbox that's me that's a toolbox toolbox that's me that's a toolbox toolbox that's me that's a toolbox memory and that's what it would look memory and that's what it would look memory and that's what it would look like right you would store all this is like right you would store all this is like right you would store all this is how you model it in uh MongoDB you store how you model it in uh MongoDB you store how you model it in uh MongoDB you store all the information of your JSON schema all the information of your JSON schema all the information of your JSON schema now you'll begin to understand that now you'll begin to understand that now you'll begin to understand that MongoDB gives you that flexible data MongoDB gives you that flexible data MongoDB gives you that flexible data model the document data model is very model the document data model is very model the document data model is very flexible it can adapt to wherever data flexible it can adapt to wherever data flexible it can adapt to wherever data wherever model you want your data to wherever model you want your data to wherever model you want your data to take wherever structure and you have all take wherever structure and you have all take wherever structure and you have all of the retrieval capabilities graph of the retrieval capabilities graph of the retrieval capabilities graph vector text geospatial query vector text geospatial query vector text geospatial query in one database. in one database. in one database. Conversation memory is a bit obvious, Conversation memory is a bit obvious, Conversation memory is a bit obvious, right? Back and forth conversation with right? Back and forth conversation with right? Back and forth conversation with uh chat GPT with Claude. You can store uh chat GPT with Claude. You can store uh chat GPT with Claude. You can store that in your database as well in MongoDB that in your database as well in MongoDB that in your database as well in MongoDB as conversational memory. And this is as conversational memory. And this is as conversational memory. And this is what that would look like. Time stamp, what that would look like. Time stamp, what that would look like. Time stamp, time stamp, and you have a conversation time stamp, and you have a conversation time stamp, and you have a conversation ID and you can see something there ID and you can see something there ID and you can see something there called recall recency and associate called recall recency and associate called recall recency and associate conversation ID. And that's my attempt conversation ID. And that's my attempt conversation ID. And that's my attempt at implementing some memory signals. Um at implementing some memory signals. Um at implementing some memory signals. Um but and that's goes into the forgetting but and that's goes into the forgetting but and that's goes into the forgetting mechanism that I'm trying to implement mechanism that I'm trying to implement mechanism that I'm trying to implement in my very famous library memories. Um in my very famous library memories. Um in my very famous library memories. Um I'm going to go through the next slides I'm going to go through the next slides I'm going to go through the next slides a bit quicker because I want to get to a bit quicker because I want to get to a bit quicker because I want to get to the end of this. the end of this. the end of this. Workflow memory is very important. You Workflow memory is very important. You Workflow memory is very important. You build your agentic system, they execute build your agentic system, they execute build your agentic system, they execute a certain step. Step one, step two, step a certain step. Step one, step two, step a certain step. Step one, step two, step three, it fails. But one thing you could three, it fails. But one thing you could three, it fails. But one thing you could do is the failure is experience. It's do is the failure is experience. It's do is the failure is experience. It's learning experience. You can store that learning experience. You can store that learning experience. You can store that in your database. I see you nodding. in your database. I see you nodding. in your database. I see you nodding. You're like, "Yeah." um you can store You're like, "Yeah." um you can store You're like, "Yeah." um you can store that in your database and you can then that in your database and you can then that in your database and you can then pull that in in the next execution to pull that in in the next execution to pull that in in the next execution to inform the LLM to not take this step or inform the LLM to not take this step or inform the LLM to not take this step or explore other paths. You can store that explore other paths. You can store that explore other paths. You can store that in MongoDB as well. You can model that in MongoDB as well. You can model that in MongoDB as well. You can model that because what you have with MongoDB is because what you have with MongoDB is because what you have with MongoDB is that memory provider for your agentic that memory provider for your agentic that memory provider for your agentic system and that's what this is what that system and that's what this is what that system and that's what this is what that looks like when you model it. An example looks like when you model it. An example looks like when you model it. An example of it anyway. So we have episodic of it anyway. So we have episodic of it anyway. So we have episodic memory, we have long-term memory, we memory, we have long-term memory, we memory, we have long-term memory, we have an agent registry, you can store have an agent registry, you can store have an agent registry, you can store the information of your agent as well. the information of your agent as well. the information of your agent as well. Um, and this is how I do it. Uh, you can Um, and this is how I do it. Uh, you can Um, and this is how I do it. Uh, you can see the agent has tools, persona, all see the agent has tools, persona, all see the agent has tools, persona, all the good stuff. There's entity memory as the good stuff. There's entity memory as the good stuff. There's entity memory as well. So, there's different forms of well. So, there's different forms of well. So, there's different forms of memory. And the memory the memoriz memory. And the memory the memoriz memory. And the memory the memoriz library is very experimental and library is very experimental and library is very experimental and educational, but it it encapsulates some educational, but it it encapsulates some educational, but it it encapsulates some of the memory and implementation and of the memory and implementation and of the memory and implementation and design patterns that I'm thinking of on design patterns that I'm thinking of on design patterns that I'm thinking of on an everyday basis that we're thinking of an everyday basis that we're thinking of an everyday basis that we're thinking of in MongoDB. So, MongoDB, you probably in MongoDB. So, MongoDB, you probably in MongoDB. So, MongoDB, you probably get the point now, the memory provider get the point now, the memory provider get the point now, the memory provider for Agent Tech systems. There are tools for Agent Tech systems. There are tools for Agent Tech systems. There are tools out there that focus on memory out there that focus on memory out there that focus on memory management. Um, MEGPT, ME Zero, Zep, management. Um, MEGPT, ME Zero, Zep, management. Um, MEGPT, ME Zero, Zep, they're great tools, but after speaking they're great tools, but after speaking they're great tools, but after speaking to some of you folks and some of our to some of you folks and some of our to some of you folks and some of our partners and customers here, there is partners and customers here, there is partners and customers here, there is not there is there is not one way to not there is there is not one way to not there is there is not one way to solve memory. and you need a memory solve memory. and you need a memory solve memory. and you need a memory provider to build your custom solution provider to build your custom solution provider to build your custom solution to make sure the memory management to make sure the memory management to make sure the memory management systems that you're able to implement systems that you're able to implement systems that you're able to implement are effective. So we really understand are effective. So we really understand are effective. So we really understand the importance of managing data and the importance of managing data and the importance of managing data and managing memory and that's why earlier managing memory and that's why earlier managing memory and that's why earlier this year we acquired Voyage AI. Now this year we acquired Voyage AI. Now this year we acquired Voyage AI. Now they create the best they create the best they create the best no offense open AI embedding models in no offense open AI embedding models in no offense open AI embedding models in the market today. Voyage AI embedded the market today. Voyage AI embedded the market today. Voyage AI embedded models are we have a text multimodel we models are we have a text multimodel we models are we have a text multimodel we have re-rankers and this allows you to have re-rankers and this allows you to have re-rankers and this allows you to really solve the problem or at least really solve the problem or at least really solve the problem or at least reduce AI hall elucination within your reduce AI hall elucination within your reduce AI hall elucination within your rag and aentic systems and what we're rag and aentic systems and what we're rag and aentic systems and what we're doing and what we're focused on the doing and what we're focused on the doing and what we're focused on the mission for MongoDB is to make the mission for MongoDB is to make the mission for MongoDB is to make the developer more productive by taking away developer more productive by taking away developer more productive by taking away the considerations and all the concerns the considerations and all the concerns the considerations and all the concerns around managing different data and all around managing different data and all around managing different data and all the process of chunking in retrieval the process of chunking in retrieval the process of chunking in retrieval strategies. We we pull that into the strategies. We we pull that into the strategies. We we pull that into the database. We are redefining the database. We are redefining the database. We are redefining the database. And that's why in a few months database. And that's why in a few months database. And that's why in a few months we're going to be pulling in Voyage AI, we're going to be pulling in Voyage AI, we're going to be pulling in Voyage AI, the embedded models and the rerankers the embedded models and the rerankers the embedded models and the rerankers into MongoDB Atlas and you will not have into MongoDB Atlas and you will not have into MongoDB Atlas and you will not have to be writing chunking strategies for to be writing chunking strategies for to be writing chunking strategies for your um for your data. I see a lot of your um for your data. I see a lot of your um for your data. I see a lot of people nodding. Yeah, that's good. So, people nodding. Yeah, that's good. So, people nodding. Yeah, that's good. So, MongoDB is a is a household name to be MongoDB is a is a household name to be MongoDB is a is a household name to be honest. with um I watched MongoDB IPO honest. with um I watched MongoDB IPO honest. with um I watched MongoDB IPO back when back when I was in university. back when back when I was in university. back when back when I was in university. I bought the stocks when I was in I bought the stocks when I was in I bought the stocks when I was in university um free just free. I already university um free just free. I already university um free just free. I already had about 拢100. Um I was broke but had about 拢100. Um I was broke but had about 拢100. Um I was broke but we are very focused and we take it very we are very focused and we take it very we are very focused and we take it very seriously making sure that you guys can seriously making sure that you guys can seriously making sure that you guys can build the best AI products, AI features build the best AI products, AI features build the best AI products, AI features very quickly in a secure way. So MongoDB very quickly in a secure way. So MongoDB very quickly in a secure way. So MongoDB is built for the change that we are is built for the change that we are is built for the change that we are going to experience now, tomorrow, in going to experience now, tomorrow, in going to experience now, tomorrow, in the next couple years. I want to end the next couple years. I want to end the next couple years. I want to end with this. You know who these two guys with this. You know who these two guys with this. You know who these two guys are? are? are? Damn. Okay, this is Hob and Wiso. They Damn. Okay, this is Hob and Wiso. They Damn. Okay, this is Hob and Wiso. They won a Nobel Prize um in the late 90s, won a Nobel Prize um in the late 90s, won a Nobel Prize um in the late 90s, but they did some research on the visual but they did some research on the visual but they did some research on the visual cortex of cats. um they experimented cortex of cats. um they experimented cortex of cats. um they experimented with cats that this probably wouldn't with cats that this probably wouldn't with cats that this probably wouldn't fly now, but back in the 50s and 60s fly now, but back in the 50s and 60s fly now, but back in the 50s and 60s things were a bit more relaxed. But they things were a bit more relaxed. But they things were a bit more relaxed. But they found out that the visual cortex of the found out that the visual cortex of the found out that the visual cortex of the brains between cats and humans actually brains between cats and humans actually brains between cats and humans actually worked by learning different hierarchies worked by learning different hierarchies worked by learning different hierarchies of representation. So edges, contours of representation. So edges, contours of representation. So edges, contours and abstract shapes. Now people that are and abstract shapes. Now people that are and abstract shapes. Now people that are in deep learning would know that this is in deep learning would know that this is in deep learning would know that this is how convol convolutional neural network how convol convolutional neural network how convol convolutional neural network works. And the research that these guy works. And the research that these guy works. And the research that these guy these guys did inspired and informed these guys did inspired and informed these guys did inspired and informed convolutional neural networks. That's convolutional neural networks. That's convolutional neural networks. That's face detection, object detection. It's face detection, object detection. It's face detection, object detection. It's it all comes from neuroscience. So we it all comes from neuroscience. So we it all comes from neuroscience. So we are architects of intelligence. But are architects of intelligence. But are architects of intelligence. But there is a better architect of there is a better architect of there is a better architect of intelligence. It's nature. Nature's intelligence. It's nature. Nature's intelligence. It's nature. Nature's created our brains. It's the most created our brains. It's the most created our brains. It's the most effective form of intelligence and well effective form of intelligence and well effective form of intelligence and well some humans that I meet. But it's the some humans that I meet. But it's the some humans that I meet. But it's the most effective form of intelligence that most effective form of intelligence that most effective form of intelligence that we have today. and we could look inwards we have today. and we could look inwards we have today. and we could look inwards to build this agentic system. So last to build this agentic system. So last to build this agentic system. So last week Saturday myself and Tenu is the week Saturday myself and Tenu is the week Saturday myself and Tenu is the chief AI scientist at MongoDB also the chief AI scientist at MongoDB also the chief AI scientist at MongoDB also the founder of Voyage AI. We sat with this founder of Voyage AI. We sat with this founder of Voyage AI. We sat with this three guys in the middle are three guys in the middle are three guys in the middle are neuroscientists. Kenneth has been neuroscientists. Kenneth has been neuroscientists. Kenneth has been exploring human brain and memory for exploring human brain and memory for exploring human brain and memory for over 20 years and and over here is over 20 years and and over here is over 20 years and and over here is Charles Parker. He's the creator of Charles Parker. He's the creator of Charles Parker. He's the creator of MEGPT your letter and we are having MEGPT your letter and we are having MEGPT your letter and we are having these conversation and once again we're these conversation and once again we're these conversation and once again we're mirroring how we're bringing mirroring how we're bringing mirroring how we're bringing neuroscientists and application neuroscientists and application neuroscientists and application developers together to solve and push us developers together to solve and push us developers together to solve and push us on the path of AGI. So that's my talk on the path of AGI. So that's my talk on the path of AGI. So that's my talk done. Check out memories and you can done. Check out memories and you can done. Check out memories and you can come talk to me about memory. Add me on come talk to me about memory. Add me on come talk to me about memory. Add me on LinkedIn if you want this presentation. LinkedIn if you want this presentation. LinkedIn if you want this presentation. Thank you for your time. [Music]
