Wow. Wow. Wow. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. I am so [laughter] excited I am so [laughter] excited I am so [laughter] excited uh and a little terrified to be up here uh and a little terrified to be up here uh and a little terrified to be up here in front of all of you. What an amazing in front of all of you. What an amazing in front of all of you. What an amazing crowd. Welcome home. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; I know the old-timers get it, but for &gt;&gt; I know the old-timers get it, but for &gt;&gt; I know the old-timers get it, but for the first-timers, the newcomers in the the first-timers, the newcomers in the the first-timers, the newcomers in the room, this is the one place where you room, this is the one place where you room, this is the one place where you can talk to about what you do with can talk to about what you do with can talk to about what you do with anybody in the room. So, this is the anybody in the room. So, this is the anybody in the room. So, this is the sixth FinOps X, if you count Barcelona. sixth FinOps X, if you count Barcelona. sixth FinOps X, if you count Barcelona. And this is the last And this is the last And this is the last FinOps X FinOps X FinOps X in its current form. Now, we are not done. We're just getting Now, we are not done. We're just getting Now, we are not done. We're just getting started, but the discipline has outgrown started, but the discipline has outgrown started, but the discipline has outgrown a single thread, and the conference has a single thread, and the conference has a single thread, and the conference has as well. How many of you have their phones on How many of you have their phones on How many of you have their phones on silent? silent? silent? We're going to take 30 seconds. Turn to We're going to take 30 seconds. Turn to We're going to take 30 seconds. Turn to your neighbor, say hello, and introduce your neighbor, say hello, and introduce your neighbor, say hello, and introduce yourself. Tell them which FinOps X is yourself. Tell them which FinOps X is yourself. Tell them which FinOps X is this for you. Go. &gt;&gt; For me, I was here right at the start. &gt;&gt; For me, I was here right at the start. &gt;&gt; For me, I was here right at the start. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; It's my sixth. &gt;&gt; It's my sixth. &gt;&gt; It's my sixth. &gt;&gt; Well done, man. &gt;&gt; Well done, man. &gt;&gt; Well done, man. &gt;&gt; All right, more to come. &gt;&gt; All right, more to come. &gt;&gt; All right, more to come. Okay, okay, bring it back in. Bring it Okay, okay, bring it back in. Bring it Okay, okay, bring it back in. Bring it back in. Come on, that's it. You get one back in. Come on, that's it. You get one back in. Come on, that's it. You get one of those. Back, time is up. Time is up. of those. Back, time is up. Time is up. of those. Back, time is up. Time is up. Okay, so the first the first FinOps X, Okay, so the first the first FinOps X, Okay, so the first the first FinOps X, the first one was in Austin, Texas. How the first one was in Austin, Texas. How the first one was in Austin, Texas. How many of you were there? many of you were there? many of you were there? Yes. Yes. Yes. So, we didn't know it at the time, but So, we didn't know it at the time, but So, we didn't know it at the time, but this FinOps X was in the before AI this FinOps X was in the before AI this FinOps X was in the before AI times. It was just a few months before times. It was just a few months before times. It was just a few months before that big moment, chat GPT-1 launched and that big moment, chat GPT-1 launched and that big moment, chat GPT-1 launched and changed what we do and frankly what all changed what we do and frankly what all changed what we do and frankly what all of you do every day as well. of you do every day as well. of you do every day as well. So, that entered into an era I like to So, that entered into an era I like to So, that entered into an era I like to call the old days of AI. call the old days of AI. call the old days of AI. At this point in time, your chatbot At this point in time, your chatbot At this point in time, your chatbot started to understand you and started to understand you and started to understand you and it could write some decent code. it could write some decent code. it could write some decent code. We at the foundation thought, you know, We at the foundation thought, you know, We at the foundation thought, you know, we should really go look at this FinOps we should really go look at this FinOps we should really go look at this FinOps AI thing, see what it's all about. AI thing, see what it's all about. AI thing, see what it's all about. In November 2025, we entered a new era. In November 2025, we entered a new era. In November 2025, we entered a new era. That month, there were major model That month, there were major model That month, there were major model releases from all the big providers that releases from all the big providers that releases from all the big providers that took AI from pretty good to really good. took AI from pretty good to really good. took AI from pretty good to really good. I work at the Linux Foundation and so I I work at the Linux Foundation and so I I work at the Linux Foundation and so I have the pleasure of having this guy, have the pleasure of having this guy, have the pleasure of having this guy, Linus Torvalds, the maintainer and core Linus Torvalds, the maintainer and core Linus Torvalds, the maintainer and core creator of Linux as a co-worker and he creator of Linux as a co-worker and he creator of Linux as a co-worker and he was quoted in November 2025 saying, was quoted in November 2025 saying, was quoted in November 2025 saying, "This AI thing, you know, it's it's it's "This AI thing, you know, it's it's it's "This AI thing, you know, it's it's it's fine, but just don't use it for anything fine, but just don't use it for anything fine, but just don't use it for anything important." important." important." So, Linus, as well as millions of So, Linus, as well as millions of So, Linus, as well as millions of developers around the world, went home developers around the world, went home developers around the world, went home that holiday season, November through that holiday season, November through that holiday season, November through January, and they started trying all January, and they started trying all January, and they started trying all these new models. And by January, these new models. And by January, these new models. And by January, Linus came back and was quoted with a Linus came back and was quoted with a Linus came back and was quoted with a new code project that he had vibe coded new code project that he had vibe coded new code project that he had vibe coded over the holidays and this was the start over the holidays and this was the start over the holidays and this was the start of a new generation for really the of a new generation for really the of a new generation for really the world. world. world. We then entered what I like to call the We then entered what I like to call the We then entered what I like to call the good old days of AI, which was from good old days of AI, which was from good old days of AI, which was from March, oh sorry, November of 2025 to March, oh sorry, November of 2025 to March, oh sorry, November of 2025 to March 2026. This was the era of all you March 2026. This was the era of all you March 2026. This was the era of all you could eat tokens and subscriptions. It could eat tokens and subscriptions. It could eat tokens and subscriptions. It gave us token maxing and everybody was gave us token maxing and everybody was gave us token maxing and everybody was really excited about their token really excited about their token really excited about their token leaderboard. Who has like the most leaderboard. Who has like the most leaderboard. Who has like the most maximum token usage? maximum token usage? maximum token usage? I also was hearing for a very brief I also was hearing for a very brief I also was hearing for a very brief moment, I literally had a global CIO of moment, I literally had a global CIO of moment, I literally had a global CIO of a Fortune 100 say this to me, "I have a Fortune 100 say this to me, "I have a Fortune 100 say this to me, "I have unlimited budget for tokens." Then this happened. And I'm not just Then this happened. And I'm not just Then this happened. And I'm not just calling out these folks, they're amazing calling out these folks, they're amazing calling out these folks, they're amazing company with amazing technology, but you company with amazing technology, but you company with amazing technology, but you all saw this news. This was 52 days ago all saw this news. This was 52 days ago all saw this news. This was 52 days ago and this happened to a lot of you around and this happened to a lot of you around and this happened to a lot of you around that time. Their CTO said we've just that time. Their CTO said we've just that time. Their CTO said we've just blown up our budget. It's only April. blown up our budget. It's only April. blown up our budget. It's only April. This started happening day after day This started happening day after day This started happening day after day after day. I couldn't turn around or after day. I couldn't turn around or after day. I couldn't turn around or wake up or open whatever feed I was wake up or open whatever feed I was wake up or open whatever feed I was looking at was seeing it without seeing looking at was seeing it without seeing looking at was seeing it without seeing another story of token use gone wild, another story of token use gone wild, another story of token use gone wild, and CEOs were starting to post about and CEOs were starting to post about and CEOs were starting to post about this being the biggest challenge this being the biggest challenge this being the biggest challenge for companies today. for companies today. for companies today. So, this brings us to So, this brings us to So, this brings us to the current era. the current era. the current era. April 2026 of this year. April 2026 of this year. April 2026 of this year. The era I like to call The era I like to call The era I like to call the great token panic. Token use is vertical for many of you. Token use is vertical for many of you. Token use is vertical for many of you. Turns out token leaderboards were not Turns out token leaderboards were not Turns out token leaderboards were not the best idea. We've all learned um the best idea. We've all learned um the best idea. We've all learned um We're hearing stories constantly that a We're hearing stories constantly that a We're hearing stories constantly that a lot of you are 3x your token budgets. lot of you are 3x your token budgets. lot of you are 3x your token budgets. It's only April or May, and all of a It's only April or May, and all of a It's only April or May, and all of a sudden we're talking about guardrails. sudden we're talking about guardrails. sudden we're talking about guardrails. Does this sound familiar? Those of you Does this sound familiar? Those of you Does this sound familiar? Those of you who went through the cloud growth who went through the cloud growth who went through the cloud growth migration era at all? It's a little bit migration era at all? It's a little bit migration era at all? It's a little bit faster, a little bigger, a little more faster, a little bigger, a little more faster, a little bigger, a little more in the news. in the news. in the news. So, 16 days ago that same company COO So, 16 days ago that same company COO So, 16 days ago that same company COO said, "Hey, you know, this token maxing said, "Hey, you know, this token maxing said, "Hey, you know, this token maxing thing really isn't necessarily thing really isn't necessarily thing really isn't necessarily delivering the value we thought it was delivering the value we thought it was delivering the value we thought it was going to be delivering." And just 4 days going to be delivering." And just 4 days going to be delivering." And just 4 days ago ago ago TechCrunch reported that they're capping TechCrunch reported that they're capping TechCrunch reported that they're capping AI use. Is anybody capping their AI use? AI use. Is anybody capping their AI use? AI use. Is anybody capping their AI use? Will you admit that? Ooh, don't tell Will you admit that? Ooh, don't tell Will you admit that? Ooh, don't tell your CEO. Innovation first. your CEO. Innovation first. your CEO. Innovation first. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So, let's talk about global token usage &gt;&gt; So, let's talk about global token usage &gt;&gt; So, let's talk about global token usage in the last 12 months. I'm going to in the last 12 months. I'm going to in the last 12 months. I'm going to start with last year at this conference start with last year at this conference start with last year at this conference in June. in June. in June. Token use from June to November had a Token use from June to November had a Token use from June to November had a nice linear linear be linear being the nice linear linear be linear being the nice linear linear be linear being the keyword there growth. keyword there growth. keyword there growth. Those models landed in November, and we Those models landed in November, and we Those models landed in November, and we see this happen. see this happen. see this happen. What's called non-linear growth of token What's called non-linear growth of token What's called non-linear growth of token usage. usage. usage. And we all woke up with this. And we all woke up with this. And we all woke up with this. What just happened? What just happened? What just happened? Well, a lot of things happened. First thing, context windows started to First thing, context windows started to First thing, context windows started to explode and expand. explode and expand. explode and expand. Context windows are how your LLM keeps Context windows are how your LLM keeps Context windows are how your LLM keeps facts in memory, in cache, sitting there facts in memory, in cache, sitting there facts in memory, in cache, sitting there so it can have those interactions, so it can have those interactions, so it can have those interactions, remember things. remember things. remember things. What we saw happen around that period, What we saw happen around that period, What we saw happen around that period, new models and new ways of using models, new models and new ways of using models, new models and new ways of using models, context windows went from a few thousand context windows went from a few thousand context windows went from a few thousand or tens of thousands or hundreds of or tens of thousands or hundreds of or tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands up to millions of tokens in a thousands up to millions of tokens in a thousands up to millions of tokens in a single conversation. single conversation. single conversation. And then, And then, And then, took this long to say it, agentic took this long to say it, agentic took this long to say it, agentic &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; agentic hit the scene and exploded &gt;&gt; agentic hit the scene and exploded &gt;&gt; agentic hit the scene and exploded adding reasoning and loops and retries adding reasoning and loops and retries adding reasoning and loops and retries and corrections and all this insanity and corrections and all this insanity and corrections and all this insanity where a non-human that does not give up where a non-human that does not give up where a non-human that does not give up and does not rest and does not tire and does not rest and does not tire and does not rest and does not tire keeps hitting the LLMs, keeps retrying, keeps hitting the LLMs, keeps retrying, keeps hitting the LLMs, keeps retrying, keeps failing. This created a lot of keeps failing. This created a lot of keeps failing. This created a lot of loops and an extravagant amount of token loops and an extravagant amount of token loops and an extravagant amount of token usage. usage. usage. So, where's it going in the next 4 years So, where's it going in the next 4 years So, where's it going in the next 4 years cuz it's been pretty wild in these last cuz it's been pretty wild in these last cuz it's been pretty wild in these last few months. few months. few months. So, our friends at Goldman Sachs say So, our friends at Goldman Sachs say So, our friends at Goldman Sachs say that this is where it's going. And we are here today. Today, we're talking about six Today, we're talking about six Today, we're talking about six quadrillion tokens. I think Google alone quadrillion tokens. I think Google alone quadrillion tokens. I think Google alone was quoted the other day saying they're was quoted the other day saying they're was quoted the other day saying they're managing like three quadrillion. managing like three quadrillion. managing like three quadrillion. In the next 3 and 1/2 years, In the next 3 and 1/2 years, In the next 3 and 1/2 years, we're talking about 120 we're talking about 120 we're talking about 120 quadrillion forecasted tokens. That quadrillion forecasted tokens. That quadrillion forecasted tokens. That purple bar is agentic usage, by the way. purple bar is agentic usage, by the way. purple bar is agentic usage, by the way. Who knows what comes after a Who knows what comes after a Who knows what comes after a quadrillion? quadrillion? quadrillion? Anybody? Anybody? Anybody? My kid does. My kid does. My kid does. It's a quintillion. FYI, it's not a It's a quintillion. FYI, it's not a It's a quintillion. FYI, it's not a Google, it's a quintillion. So, this is the world that we are So, this is the world that we are So, this is the world that we are entering into today. Here at the Linux entering into today. Here at the Linux entering into today. Here at the Linux Foundation as part of the FinOps Foundation as part of the FinOps Foundation as part of the FinOps Foundation, our job has been and always Foundation, our job has been and always Foundation, our job has been and always will be to advance all of you, the will be to advance all of you, the will be to advance all of you, the people who manage the value of people who manage the value of people who manage the value of technology. And I couldn't say this is I technology. And I couldn't say this is I technology. And I couldn't say this is I I've got to say this is like I've got to say this is like I've got to say this is like the best time to be doing this because the best time to be doing this because the best time to be doing this because everybody is freaking out. You've either everybody is freaking out. You've either everybody is freaking out. You've either got fud or FOMO, as we're going to hear got fud or FOMO, as we're going to hear got fud or FOMO, as we're going to hear about tomorrow. And last year, we about tomorrow. And last year, we about tomorrow. And last year, we realized we needed to expand our mission realized we needed to expand our mission realized we needed to expand our mission in order to match the expansion that all in order to match the expansion that all in order to match the expansion that all of you were seeing in your practices, of you were seeing in your practices, of you were seeing in your practices, from just cloud to technology. A lot of from just cloud to technology. A lot of from just cloud to technology. A lot of you don't know this, but that you don't know this, but that you don't know this, but that conversation started here last year. We conversation started here last year. We conversation started here last year. We had a debate at our governing board had a debate at our governing board had a debate at our governing board lunch. I mentioned it near the end, so lunch. I mentioned it near the end, so lunch. I mentioned it near the end, so it wouldn't blow everything up. Maybe we it wouldn't blow everything up. Maybe we it wouldn't blow everything up. Maybe we need to start thinking about our need to start thinking about our need to start thinking about our mission. We had a bigger debate at our mission. We had a bigger debate at our mission. We had a bigger debate at our annual governing board meeting in annual governing board meeting in annual governing board meeting in October. Some of you were there. I saw October. Some of you were there. I saw October. Some of you were there. I saw see some of you in the audience. Some see some of you in the audience. Some see some of you in the audience. Some were immediately in support, some were were immediately in support, some were were immediately in support, some were not. It was a huge thing. It blew up a not. It was a huge thing. It blew up a not. It was a huge thing. It blew up a lot of the day. And then in January, we lot of the day. And then in January, we lot of the day. And then in January, we voted to change our mission, which just voted to change our mission, which just voted to change our mission, which just happened to be at about the right time happened to be at about the right time happened to be at about the right time to do that. &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; So, here we are today. &gt;&gt; So, here we are today. &gt;&gt; So, here we are today. Let's talk about what the heck a token Let's talk about what the heck a token Let's talk about what the heck a token really is. really is. really is. So, we're not talking about crypto. So, we're not talking about crypto. So, we're not talking about crypto. We're talking about the atomic unit of We're talking about the atomic unit of We're talking about the atomic unit of AI. AI. AI. Tokens serve more roles in the modern Tokens serve more roles in the modern Tokens serve more roles in the modern economy than almost any other commodity economy than almost any other commodity economy than almost any other commodity has in modern history. Maybe maybe oil has in modern history. Maybe maybe oil has in modern history. Maybe maybe oil in the 20th century. in the 20th century. in the 20th century. Tokens are first Tokens are first Tokens are first the unit of output from all of the the unit of output from all of the the unit of output from all of the hardware and compute in data centers. hardware and compute in data centers. hardware and compute in data centers. Tokens are also Tokens are also Tokens are also the input to the cognition and the input to the cognition and the input to the cognition and intelligence in the way that the models intelligence in the way that the models intelligence in the way that the models themselves think. themselves think. themselves think. In addition, tokens are how the labs In addition, tokens are how the labs In addition, tokens are how the labs price their outputs and inputs in cash price their outputs and inputs in cash price their outputs and inputs in cash and all those things. and all those things. and all those things. And tokens are the value unit that And tokens are the value unit that And tokens are the value unit that enterprises are looking to monetize. enterprises are looking to monetize. enterprises are looking to monetize. They are the commercial expression of They are the commercial expression of They are the commercial expression of the entire AI economy. the entire AI economy. the entire AI economy. And tokens actually sit across a lot of And tokens actually sit across a lot of And tokens actually sit across a lot of different parts of the AI stack. We different parts of the AI stack. We different parts of the AI stack. We don't just see them in those core areas. don't just see them in those core areas. don't just see them in those core areas. They float up and down through all the They float up and down through all the They float up and down through all the models and the platform, applications, models and the platform, applications, models and the platform, applications, and sovereignty conversations. Europe is and sovereignty conversations. Europe is and sovereignty conversations. Europe is talking about more token factories, talking about more token factories, talking about more token factories, creating sovereign tokens. We're hearing creating sovereign tokens. We're hearing creating sovereign tokens. We're hearing this through not just the technical this through not just the technical this through not just the technical stack, but the entire political stack as stack, but the entire political stack as stack, but the entire political stack as well. And a lot of the costs are not well. And a lot of the costs are not well. And a lot of the costs are not actually in the tokens. I know some of actually in the tokens. I know some of actually in the tokens. I know some of you are out there like, "Wait a minute, you are out there like, "Wait a minute, you are out there like, "Wait a minute, JR. It's not just about token costs." JR. It's not just about token costs." JR. It's not just about token costs." You're right. Tokens are just a small You're right. Tokens are just a small You're right. Tokens are just a small part of the cost, but they're a part of the cost, but they're a part of the cost, but they're a measurement that flows through the whole measurement that flows through the whole measurement that flows through the whole thing. And in that platform layer is a thing. And in that platform layer is a thing. And in that platform layer is a lot of where the cost sit. lot of where the cost sit. lot of where the cost sit. Orchestration, agents, memory, Orchestration, agents, memory, Orchestration, agents, memory, harness wrapped around all of these harness wrapped around all of these harness wrapped around all of these things. things. things. So, the token bill is just the start. So, the token bill is just the start. So, the token bill is just the start. It's just the beginning. Has anybody It's just the beginning. Has anybody It's just the beginning. Has anybody heard of KB cash in this room? Be heard of KB cash in this room? Be heard of KB cash in this room? Be honest. KB cash. honest. KB cash. honest. KB cash. Yes. These are the people Yes. These are the people Yes. These are the people who are understanding where the spending who are understanding where the spending who are understanding where the spending is going right now in tokens. Go look up is going right now in tokens. Go look up is going right now in tokens. Go look up KB cash after this if you haven't. It's KB cash after this if you haven't. It's KB cash after this if you haven't. It's one of the things driving a lot of one of the things driving a lot of one of the things driving a lot of spend. So, the overall AI bill is driven spend. So, the overall AI bill is driven spend. So, the overall AI bill is driven by by by retrieval, it's driven by this harness I retrieval, it's driven by this harness I retrieval, it's driven by this harness I mentioned, orchestration, it's driven by mentioned, orchestration, it's driven by mentioned, orchestration, it's driven by memory, it's driven by vector databases memory, it's driven by vector databases memory, it's driven by vector databases and evals and governance, but the big and evals and governance, but the big and evals and governance, but the big one still, I heard yesterday in our exec one still, I heard yesterday in our exec one still, I heard yesterday in our exec forum for many of you, is labor. People forum for many of you, is labor. People forum for many of you, is labor. People are still expensive. are still expensive. are still expensive. More on that soon. More on that soon. More on that soon. But, But, But, JR or Jevon, JR or Jevon, JR or Jevon, aren't token prices falling aren't token prices falling aren't token prices falling dramatically? Haven't they come down dramatically? Haven't they come down dramatically? Haven't they come down hundreds of bit? We read about it in the hundreds of bit? We read about it in the hundreds of bit? We read about it in the news, right? Well, yeah, they have. news, right? Well, yeah, they have. news, right? Well, yeah, they have. Since 2023, token prices have fallen Since 2023, token prices have fallen Since 2023, token prices have fallen dramatically. However, if you look at dramatically. However, if you look at dramatically. However, if you look at the top labs and their pricing, you go the top labs and their pricing, you go the top labs and their pricing, you go back to the wayback machine, token back to the wayback machine, token back to the wayback machine, token prices are pretty flat since November of prices are pretty flat since November of prices are pretty flat since November of 2025. So, we essentially have half of 2025. So, we essentially have half of 2025. So, we essentially have half of Jevons paradox happening. Vertical Jevons paradox happening. Vertical Jevons paradox happening. Vertical usage, usage, usage, flat cost because we are in and have flat cost because we are in and have flat cost because we are in and have been for a bit and will be for a while been for a bit and will be for a while been for a bit and will be for a while in a era of AI scarcity. in a era of AI scarcity. in a era of AI scarcity. We can't get enough hardware. We can't We can't get enough hardware. We can't We can't get enough hardware. We can't get enough power, says pretty much get enough power, says pretty much get enough power, says pretty much everyone everywhere in this game. everyone everywhere in this game. everyone everywhere in this game. We're seeing backlogs. We're seeing long We're seeing backlogs. We're seeing long We're seeing backlogs. We're seeing long commitment periods. And we're seeing commitment periods. And we're seeing commitment periods. And we're seeing shortages. That was the Intel CEO saying shortages. That was the Intel CEO saying shortages. That was the Intel CEO saying he doesn't think there's going to be a he doesn't think there's going to be a he doesn't think there's going to be a relief until 2028. Everything's behind, relief until 2028. Everything's behind, relief until 2028. Everything's behind, including the raw materials, the rare including the raw materials, the rare including the raw materials, the rare metals, copper, and all these things to metals, copper, and all these things to metals, copper, and all these things to drive more AI. drive more AI. drive more AI. And the era of AI subsidies has ended. And the era of AI subsidies has ended. And the era of AI subsidies has ended. How many of you were token maxing that How many of you were token maxing that How many of you were token maxing that $200 a month plan? $200 a month plan? $200 a month plan? It turns out some of you were reported It turns out some of you were reported It turns out some of you were reported to have been costing these labs upwards to have been costing these labs upwards to have been costing these labs upwards of tens of thousands of dollars a month of tens of thousands of dollars a month of tens of thousands of dollars a month as inference whales when you were as inference whales when you were as inference whales when you were running everything on the latest model. running everything on the latest model. running everything on the latest model. This doesn't work when you're heading This doesn't work when you're heading This doesn't work when you're heading for an IPO. So now what matters more than anything So now what matters more than anything So now what matters more than anything is AI value. We've got to bring the is AI value. We've got to bring the is AI value. We've got to bring the value back to what we're doing. value back to what we're doing. value back to what we're doing. So we're in an era where tokens are the So we're in an era where tokens are the So we're in an era where tokens are the main measurement. We're in an era where main measurement. We're in an era where main measurement. We're in an era where tokens are in everything in software, tokens are in everything in software, tokens are in everything in software, and they're driving a lot of the global and they're driving a lot of the global and they're driving a lot of the global token economy. Three things: tokens, token economy. Three things: tokens, token economy. Three things: tokens, token era, token economics. token era, token economics. token era, token economics. What does that spell? Tokenomics. Tokenomics. Tokenomics. So So So tokenomics. tokenomics. tokenomics. Everything I'm about to say up here, we Everything I'm about to say up here, we Everything I'm about to say up here, we don't know if it's right yet. So please don't know if it's right yet. So please don't know if it's right yet. So please don't clap, Keena. don't clap, Keena. don't clap, Keena. Um Um Um none of us are none of us know what this none of us are none of us know what this none of us are none of us know what this thing really is yet. So don't worry. Um thing really is yet. So don't worry. Um thing really is yet. So don't worry. Um so how might how might one define so how might how might one define so how might how might one define tokenomics? I just as an example. tokenomics? I just as an example. tokenomics? I just as an example. You could say it's emerging discipline You could say it's emerging discipline You could say it's emerging discipline of converting energy of converting energy of converting energy and capital into AI tokens and and capital into AI tokens and and capital into AI tokens and resources, consuming those tokens and resources, consuming those tokens and resources, consuming those tokens and all the related technology to drive all the related technology to drive all the related technology to drive efficient efficient efficient and enable intelligence, efficient and enable intelligence, efficient and enable intelligence, efficient intelligence, and then ultimately drive intelligence, and then ultimately drive intelligence, and then ultimately drive value on the back end. value on the back end. value on the back end. That's pretty complicated. So let's That's pretty complicated. So let's That's pretty complicated. So let's simplify it. simplify it. simplify it. Tokenomics. Tokenomics. Tokenomics. Energy, intelligence, value. Energy, Energy, intelligence, value. Energy, Energy, intelligence, value. Energy, intelligence, value. Energy, intelligence, value. Energy, intelligence, value. Energy, intelligence, value. Tokenomics. But intelligence, value. Tokenomics. But intelligence, value. Tokenomics. But what about FinOps? We're at a FinOps what about FinOps? We're at a FinOps what about FinOps? We're at a FinOps conference. I haven't said FinOps much conference. I haven't said FinOps much conference. I haven't said FinOps much yet. yet. yet. This is the definition, which is This is the definition, which is This is the definition, which is official now. The last definition, official now. The last definition, official now. The last definition, definitely not official. Uh tokenomics definitely not official. Uh tokenomics definitely not official. Uh tokenomics is still being figured out. is still being figured out. is still being figured out. FinOps is a framework cultural practice FinOps is a framework cultural practice FinOps is a framework cultural practice which maximizes the value of technology which maximizes the value of technology which maximizes the value of technology to enable timely data-driven to enable timely data-driven to enable timely data-driven decision-making, financial decision-making, financial decision-making, financial accountability, all of these things. So, accountability, all of these things. So, accountability, all of these things. So, those sound pretty pretty similar. those sound pretty pretty similar. those sound pretty pretty similar. There's some overlaps there. There's some overlaps there. There's some overlaps there. But, there's one big difference is that But, there's one big difference is that But, there's one big difference is that FinOps assumes that the resources that FinOps assumes that the resources that FinOps assumes that the resources that you're going to go work with already you're going to go work with already you're going to go work with already exist, that you can go out there and exist, that you can go out there and exist, that you can go out there and procure them, the servers, procure them, the servers, procure them, the servers, the VMs, whatever it is. the VMs, whatever it is. the VMs, whatever it is. So, how do we think about token So, how do we think about token So, how do we think about token creation? What about when you need to creation? What about when you need to creation? What about when you need to manufacture this token from energy and manufacture this token from energy and manufacture this token from energy and capital? What does that look like? capital? What does that look like? capital? What does that look like? So, we start to see an emerging map. So, we start to see an emerging map. So, we start to see an emerging map. Again, not final, early thinking, don't Again, not final, early thinking, don't Again, not final, early thinking, don't quote us on this, tell us how it should quote us on this, tell us how it should quote us on this, tell us how it should be better, about what tokenomics is be better, about what tokenomics is be better, about what tokenomics is going to look like in different buckets. going to look like in different buckets. going to look like in different buckets. First of all, there's a production First of all, there's a production First of all, there's a production bucket, where we're going to take energy bucket, where we're going to take energy bucket, where we're going to take energy and capital and create tokens. There's a and capital and create tokens. There's a and capital and create tokens. There's a consumption bucket, where there's all consumption bucket, where there's all consumption bucket, where there's all the allocation and forecasting and the allocation and forecasting and the allocation and forecasting and optimization and all the things that optimization and all the things that optimization and all the things that kind of sound a lot like FinOps for AI. kind of sound a lot like FinOps for AI. kind of sound a lot like FinOps for AI. And then there's a value bucket on the And then there's a value bucket on the And then there's a value bucket on the back end, which yes yes AI has or sorry, back end, which yes yes AI has or sorry, back end, which yes yes AI has or sorry, FinOps has value. All these words, they FinOps has value. All these words, they FinOps has value. All these words, they come together. come together. come together. But, But, But, tokenomics starts to touch into business tokenomics starts to touch into business tokenomics starts to touch into business models in a way that FinOps does not. models in a way that FinOps does not. models in a way that FinOps does not. How do we monetize those tokens? How do How do we monetize those tokens? How do How do we monetize those tokens? How do we change the way we price based on the we change the way we price based on the we change the way we price based on the cost of those tokens? What are the labor cost of those tokens? What are the labor cost of those tokens? What are the labor implications in their entire company implications in their entire company implications in their entire company based on the cost of that AI? based on the cost of that AI? based on the cost of that AI? So, let's dig into the production So, let's dig into the production So, let's dig into the production bucket. There's a few ways that you can bucket. There's a few ways that you can bucket. There's a few ways that you can produce tokens. produce tokens. produce tokens. But, this quote came out in March But, this quote came out in March But, this quote came out in March from Jensen from Jensen from Jensen at GTC in San Jose, and I was skeptical at GTC in San Jose, and I was skeptical at GTC in San Jose, and I was skeptical at that point. I was skeptical about at that point. I was skeptical about at that point. I was skeptical about this whole thing, and frankly, by March, this whole thing, and frankly, by March, this whole thing, and frankly, by March, I was not a fan of the term tokenomics. I was not a fan of the term tokenomics. I was not a fan of the term tokenomics. But, Jensen was right. In the last few But, Jensen was right. In the last few But, Jensen was right. In the last few months, at least in the Fortune 100, months, at least in the Fortune 100, months, at least in the Fortune 100, every CEO is starting to think about every CEO is starting to think about every CEO is starting to think about token factories and token economics. token factories and token economics. token factories and token economics. So, token factories first start for many So, token factories first start for many So, token factories first start for many of you, of course, with data centers. of you, of course, with data centers. of you, of course, with data centers. Some of you in the room own data Some of you in the room own data Some of you in the room own data centers, many of you lease data centers, centers, many of you lease data centers, centers, many of you lease data centers, a lot of you are buying outputs from a lot of you are buying outputs from a lot of you are buying outputs from data centers. data centers. data centers. But increasingly, we're starting to see But increasingly, we're starting to see But increasingly, we're starting to see token creation on the edge. token creation on the edge. token creation on the edge. The enthusiasts in the room will have The enthusiasts in the room will have The enthusiasts in the room will have Mac Minis cranking them out. There's one Mac Minis cranking them out. There's one Mac Minis cranking them out. There's one or two folks in the audience who have or two folks in the audience who have or two folks in the audience who have giant garages full of Nvidia hardware. giant garages full of Nvidia hardware. giant garages full of Nvidia hardware. You know who you are. But all of you are going to be procuring But all of you are going to be procuring But all of you are going to be procuring tokens, the same token from different tokens, the same token from different tokens, the same token from different places. If I want to buy an a token places. If I want to buy an a token places. If I want to buy an a token from Anthropic, I can get it from, you from Anthropic, I can get it from, you from Anthropic, I can get it from, you know, Bedrock, I can get it from Vertex, know, Bedrock, I can get it from Vertex, know, Bedrock, I can get it from Vertex, I can get it bundled into Coco from I can get it bundled into Coco from I can get it bundled into Coco from Snowflake with a credit system. There's Snowflake with a credit system. There's Snowflake with a credit system. There's lots of ways I can get these. lots of ways I can get these. lots of ways I can get these. You might even start to get tokens from You might even start to get tokens from You might even start to get tokens from data centers in space. data centers in space. data centers in space. We'll see. There's There's a Gartner We'll see. There's There's a Gartner We'll see. There's There's a Gartner article about this. You can check it article about this. You can check it article about this. You can check it out. We'll We'll see if if they they out. We'll We'll see if if they they out. We'll We'll see if if they they actually come true. actually come true. actually come true. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, what does this look like? Creating tokens on the back end results Creating tokens on the back end results Creating tokens on the back end results in this ultimate question. The first one in this ultimate question. The first one in this ultimate question. The first one the boardroom is asking is the boardroom is asking is the boardroom is asking is what does AI cost? what does AI cost? what does AI cost? Right? Pretty basic question. And that's Right? Pretty basic question. And that's Right? Pretty basic question. And that's where we get into that middle layer, the where we get into that middle layer, the where we get into that middle layer, the consumption layer, the FinOpsy stuff. consumption layer, the FinOpsy stuff. consumption layer, the FinOpsy stuff. How do How do How do How do I estimate? I'm laughing because How do I estimate? I'm laughing because How do I estimate? I'm laughing because there's a correlation between the really there's a correlation between the really there's a correlation between the really advanced AI companies and how bad they advanced AI companies and how bad they advanced AI companies and how bad they are at forecasting their AI spend. The are at forecasting their AI spend. The are at forecasting their AI spend. The more AI you're using, the worse you are more AI you're using, the worse you are more AI you're using, the worse you are at forecasting your spend. at forecasting your spend. at forecasting your spend. This efficiency layer, though, is what's This efficiency layer, though, is what's This efficiency layer, though, is what's going to drive your cost. Pinterest is going to drive your cost. Pinterest is going to drive your cost. Pinterest is in the audience. He's going to be up in the audience. He's going to be up in the audience. He's going to be up here on the stage tomorrow. They have a here on the stage tomorrow. They have a here on the stage tomorrow. They have a tokenomics model that blew my mind. I tokenomics model that blew my mind. I tokenomics model that blew my mind. I just heard about this last week. We were just heard about this last week. We were just heard about this last week. We were so excited, we're going to put him in so excited, we're going to put him in so excited, we're going to put him in the keynote tomorrow. But they're the keynote tomorrow. But they're the keynote tomorrow. But they're talking about the consumption layer all talking about the consumption layer all talking about the consumption layer all the way down from the silicon, even the way down from the silicon, even the way down from the silicon, even though they're just talking about cloud, though they're just talking about cloud, though they're just talking about cloud, hardware, inference, capacity, hardware, inference, capacity, hardware, inference, capacity, quantization. quantization. quantization. Say that three times fast. And at the Say that three times fast. And at the Say that three times fast. And at the top, model routing and governance. This top, model routing and governance. This top, model routing and governance. This is a whole new way of looking at this. is a whole new way of looking at this. is a whole new way of looking at this. So, tomorrow, come here the deeper dive So, tomorrow, come here the deeper dive So, tomorrow, come here the deeper dive on this stage about what they're doing. on this stage about what they're doing. on this stage about what they're doing. We also are hearing a lot from Adobe. We also are hearing a lot from Adobe. We also are hearing a lot from Adobe. Yesterday, Adobe was in our executive Yesterday, Adobe was in our executive Yesterday, Adobe was in our executive forum. Adobe's been at scale in cloud forum. Adobe's been at scale in cloud forum. Adobe's been at scale in cloud for 15 years. They've been doing FinOps for 15 years. They've been doing FinOps for 15 years. They've been doing FinOps for 10 plus. for 10 plus. for 10 plus. They're blowing things up with a whole They're blowing things up with a whole They're blowing things up with a whole new model they call big T, big O for the new model they call big T, big O for the new model they call big T, big O for the computer science folks in the room. computer science folks in the room. computer science folks in the room. They've got big T. They've got big T. They've got big T. This is about model routing, prompt This is about model routing, prompt This is about model routing, prompt architecture, caching, abstraction, architecture, caching, abstraction, architecture, caching, abstraction, transparency, and ensuring the right transparency, and ensuring the right transparency, and ensuring the right workloads in the right places in the workloads in the right places in the workloads in the right places in the right hardware, of course. right hardware, of course. right hardware, of course. Some of this stuff is starting to sound Some of this stuff is starting to sound Some of this stuff is starting to sound a little bit different than FinOps, a little bit different than FinOps, a little bit different than FinOps, isn't it? Like just a touch. Some of you isn't it? Like just a touch. Some of you isn't it? Like just a touch. Some of you may be doing this, but a lot of you are may be doing this, but a lot of you are may be doing this, but a lot of you are not. Model routing is becoming one of not. Model routing is becoming one of not. Model routing is becoming one of the most critical functions the most critical functions the most critical functions of the new FinOps or tokenomics of the new FinOps or tokenomics of the new FinOps or tokenomics practice. You got hundreds or thousands practice. You got hundreds or thousands practice. You got hundreds or thousands of price points, from pennies to of price points, from pennies to of price points, from pennies to dollars, and there's some nuance here. dollars, and there's some nuance here. dollars, and there's some nuance here. Model routing's great until it breaks Model routing's great until it breaks Model routing's great until it breaks your cash, and suddenly that cheaper your cash, and suddenly that cheaper your cash, and suddenly that cheaper model gets a lot more expensive cuz model gets a lot more expensive cuz model gets a lot more expensive cuz you're rebuilding your cash. Prices you're rebuilding your cash. Prices you're rebuilding your cash. Prices wildly vary between tokens, especially wildly vary between tokens, especially wildly vary between tokens, especially if you got a Mac Mini on your desktop if you got a Mac Mini on your desktop if you got a Mac Mini on your desktop and you want to also go try 4.8. These and you want to also go try 4.8. These and you want to also go try 4.8. These are big ranges. are big ranges. are big ranges. So, we're going to see tons of new So, we're going to see tons of new So, we're going to see tons of new metrics coming out. The These are metrics coming out. The These are metrics coming out. The These are probably not the right metrics. Whatever probably not the right metrics. Whatever probably not the right metrics. Whatever you have on your dashboard right now at you have on your dashboard right now at you have on your dashboard right now at home is probably the wrong metric. We're home is probably the wrong metric. We're home is probably the wrong metric. We're all figuring this out because I do know all figuring this out because I do know all figuring this out because I do know that once we start to measure something, that once we start to measure something, that once we start to measure something, it gets gamified and then it probably it gets gamified and then it probably it gets gamified and then it probably doesn't work well anymore. doesn't work well anymore. doesn't work well anymore. So, we're going to have to be publishing So, we're going to have to be publishing So, we're going to have to be publishing and working together a lot around these and working together a lot around these and working together a lot around these things. Because the next question the things. Because the next question the things. Because the next question the boardroom is starting to ask is what's boardroom is starting to ask is what's boardroom is starting to ask is what's the value? What is the value of all this the value? What is the value of all this the value? What is the value of all this intelligence? Why is it so expensive? intelligence? Why is it so expensive? intelligence? Why is it so expensive? And am I getting enough back from it? And am I getting enough back from it? And am I getting enough back from it? So, this is where we get into the third So, this is where we get into the third So, this is where we get into the third piece. piece. piece. I don't know if this is a value bucket. I don't know if this is a value bucket. I don't know if this is a value bucket. We called it monetization in earlier We called it monetization in earlier We called it monetization in earlier slide. We're figuring this stuff out as slide. We're figuring this stuff out as slide. We're figuring this stuff out as we go. We need your help on this. we go. We need your help on this. we go. We need your help on this. But, this is where this is changing But, this is where this is changing But, this is where this is changing business models. You look at software business models. You look at software business models. You look at software companies alone right now. The biggest companies alone right now. The biggest companies alone right now. The biggest software companies in the world are software companies in the world are software companies in the world are having to change how they have priced having to change how they have priced having to change how they have priced for decades, right? We're moving from for decades, right? We're moving from for decades, right? We're moving from seats and licenses to consumption basis. seats and licenses to consumption basis. seats and licenses to consumption basis. We're blowing these things up in new We're blowing these things up in new We're blowing these things up in new ways. ways. ways. This is cascading into opacity, opaque This is cascading into opacity, opaque This is cascading into opacity, opaque models that we're paying for. A lot of models that we're paying for. A lot of models that we're paying for. A lot of companies start at the credit level. I companies start at the credit level. I companies start at the credit level. I We created some videos that we're going We created some videos that we're going We created some videos that we're going to show you tomorrow with some service to show you tomorrow with some service to show you tomorrow with some service that I put my credit card down and every that I put my credit card down and every that I put my credit card down and every time I ran a video it was like put more time I ran a video it was like put more time I ran a video it was like put more quarters in the machine. Put your credit quarters in the machine. Put your credit quarters in the machine. Put your credit card down. These credits go fast. Others card down. These credits go fast. Others card down. These credits go fast. Others are doing hybrid models, right? Where are doing hybrid models, right? Where are doing hybrid models, right? Where you've got a basic monthly and then some you've got a basic monthly and then some you've got a basic monthly and then some level of consumption and we're starting level of consumption and we're starting level of consumption and we're starting to see to see to see some of the companies out here starting some of the companies out here starting some of the companies out here starting to do direct allocation, direct pass to do direct allocation, direct pass to do direct allocation, direct pass through of these things. through of these things. through of these things. So we're starting to see a move from So we're starting to see a move from So we're starting to see a move from opaque but expensive opaque but expensive opaque but expensive to clear to clear to clear but still expensive. So tokenomics as a supply chain really So tokenomics as a supply chain really So tokenomics as a supply chain really needs to look across these. On one side, needs to look across these. On one side, needs to look across these. On one side, the pricing of the tokens that you're the pricing of the tokens that you're the pricing of the tokens that you're getting in manufacturing is going to getting in manufacturing is going to getting in manufacturing is going to intersect with the efficiency of the intersect with the efficiency of the intersect with the efficiency of the work you're doing in the middle driving work you're doing in the middle driving work you're doing in the middle driving your intelligence and then that's going your intelligence and then that's going your intelligence and then that's going to ultimately change your margins. If to ultimately change your margins. If to ultimately change your margins. If you're public company, this may be you're public company, this may be you're public company, this may be affecting how the market looks at you. affecting how the market looks at you. affecting how the market looks at you. You may have to change your business You may have to change your business You may have to change your business models. models. models. Downstream as well, anything changes in Downstream as well, anything changes in Downstream as well, anything changes in this. Your token factory changes. You this. Your token factory changes. You this. Your token factory changes. You route to the wrong model and blow your route to the wrong model and blow your route to the wrong model and blow your cash up. You inefficiently forecast or cash up. You inefficiently forecast or cash up. You inefficiently forecast or estimate. Anything changes, this affects estimate. Anything changes, this affects estimate. Anything changes, this affects consumer pricing at the end and you may consumer pricing at the end and you may consumer pricing at the end and you may have to change your entire pricing model have to change your entire pricing model have to change your entire pricing model for how you go to market. And this isn't for how you go to market. And this isn't for how you go to market. And this isn't just software companies. It's cascading just software companies. It's cascading just software companies. It's cascading into banks and everyone else today. So there's a lot of unanswered So there's a lot of unanswered So there's a lot of unanswered questions. questions. questions. How do we measure all of this? What's How do we measure all of this? What's How do we measure all of this? What's the right What are the right metrics? the right What are the right metrics? the right What are the right metrics? How do we standardize pricing and price How do we standardize pricing and price How do we standardize pricing and price changes across all of these different changes across all of these different changes across all of these different pricings? pricings? pricings? How do we price for uncertainty How do we price for uncertainty How do we price for uncertainty and failure in our AI experiments? What and failure in our AI experiments? What and failure in our AI experiments? What the heck is tokenomics the heck is tokenomics the heck is tokenomics and how does it relate to FinOps? I and how does it relate to FinOps? I and how does it relate to FinOps? I don't know. We're figuring that out. don't know. We're figuring that out. don't know. We're figuring that out. Uh who gets tokens Uh who gets tokens Uh who gets tokens in their bonuses? Which are your 10x in their bonuses? Which are your 10x in their bonuses? Which are your 10x engineers, your 5x, your 3x? Who gets engineers, your 5x, your 3x? Who gets engineers, your 5x, your 3x? Who gets the most tokens? And should a human really even be doing And should a human really even be doing And should a human really even be doing any of this work? &gt;&gt; Who still has unanswered questions? If you're not raising your hand, I don't If you're not raising your hand, I don't If you're not raising your hand, I don't really trust you right now. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, this is why we are announcing the this is why we are announcing the this is why we are announcing the Tokenomics Foundation. Tokenomics Foundation. Tokenomics Foundation. The Tokenomics Foundation will be a The Tokenomics Foundation will be a The Tokenomics Foundation will be a vendor-neutral home for solving and vendor-neutral home for solving and vendor-neutral home for solving and hopefully defining some of these token hopefully defining some of these token hopefully defining some of these token economics questions that we all still economics questions that we all still economics questions that we all still have together. We're going to aim, as we did with the We're going to aim, as we did with the We're going to aim, as we did with the FinOps Foundation, to bring together the FinOps Foundation, to bring together the FinOps Foundation, to bring together the biggest consumers of this new biggest consumers of this new biggest consumers of this new technology, before it was cloud, now technology, before it was cloud, now technology, before it was cloud, now it's tokens, it's tokens, it's tokens, with the biggest suppliers, which is with the biggest suppliers, which is with the biggest suppliers, which is entirely different ecosystem. Yes, the entirely different ecosystem. Yes, the entirely different ecosystem. Yes, the clouds, and you're going to hear a lot clouds, and you're going to hear a lot clouds, and you're going to hear a lot from them, but also the inference from them, but also the inference from them, but also the inference providers and the neo clouds and the providers and the neo clouds and the providers and the neo clouds and the hardware providers and the frontier hardware providers and the frontier hardware providers and the frontier model providers. These are all new model providers. These are all new model providers. These are all new players in this ecosystem. players in this ecosystem. players in this ecosystem. This is greenfield, right? This is all This is greenfield, right? This is all This is greenfield, right? This is all net new. We have so much to do. Somebody net new. We have so much to do. Somebody net new. We have so much to do. Somebody backstage told me there's no way you can backstage told me there's no way you can backstage told me there's no way you can do all of this and yeah, we need help. do all of this and yeah, we need help. do all of this and yeah, we need help. We need all of your help to figure this We need all of your help to figure this We need all of your help to figure this out. out. out. We have some great early supporting We have some great early supporting We have some great early supporting companies. You've probably heard of a companies. You've probably heard of a companies. You've probably heard of a few of these. I think every single one few of these. I think every single one few of these. I think every single one of them is here today. of them is here today. of them is here today. These are big companies and I I put at These are big companies and I I put at These are big companies and I I put at my app designers hated this. I was like, my app designers hated this. I was like, my app designers hated this. I was like, yes, I want asterisks on every single yes, I want asterisks on every single yes, I want asterisks on every single company, every single one. They're like, company, every single one. They're like, company, every single one. They're like, why? You only need one asterisk. The why? You only need one asterisk. The why? You only need one asterisk. The reason is I really want you to know all reason is I really want you to know all reason is I really want you to know all of these of these of these are also massive consumers of tokens. are also massive consumers of tokens. are also massive consumers of tokens. Some of them are vendors, some of them Some of them are vendors, some of them Some of them are vendors, some of them are suppliers, but some of these are suppliers, but some of these are suppliers, but some of these vendors, Google counts in quadrillions vendors, Google counts in quadrillions vendors, Google counts in quadrillions of tokens, right? These are massive of tokens, right? These are massive of tokens, right? These are massive consumers and on the other side, this is consumers and on the other side, this is consumers and on the other side, this is a short list because we actually only a short list because we actually only a short list because we actually only gave these companies five days to get gave these companies five days to get gave these companies five days to get their corporate comms approvals to get their corporate comms approvals to get their corporate comms approvals to get into this list. And it turns out into this list. And it turns out into this list. And it turns out things are moving a lot faster in the AI things are moving a lot faster in the AI things are moving a lot faster in the AI era. So, there's a long tail of era. So, there's a long tail of era. So, there's a long tail of companies behind that we're working with companies behind that we're working with companies behind that we're working with on this that you're going to be hearing on this that you're going to be hearing on this that you're going to be hearing more about in the coming weeks. more about in the coming weeks. more about in the coming weeks. So, some great quotes from these early So, some great quotes from these early So, some great quotes from these early supporters all about efficiency, supporters all about efficiency, supporters all about efficiency, compounding, about how abstraction and compounding, about how abstraction and compounding, about how abstraction and opacity are affecting their models, opacity are affecting their models, opacity are affecting their models, about how we need clear financial about how we need clear financial about how we need clear financial controls. And one of my favorites from controls. And one of my favorites from controls. And one of my favorites from our friends at JP Morgan Chase, Arvin our friends at JP Morgan Chase, Arvin our friends at JP Morgan Chase, Arvin Joshi is the COO for Lori Beer, their Joshi is the COO for Lori Beer, their Joshi is the COO for Lori Beer, their global CIO. And Arvin said, "The timing global CIO. And Arvin said, "The timing global CIO. And Arvin said, "The timing for this foundation is exactly right." for this foundation is exactly right." for this foundation is exactly right." Our buddy at JP Morgan Chase was texting Our buddy at JP Morgan Chase was texting Our buddy at JP Morgan Chase was texting me this morning saying they want to talk me this morning saying they want to talk me this morning saying they want to talk about how we can get this thing going. about how we can get this thing going. about how we can get this thing going. This is an urgent need for these giant This is an urgent need for these giant This is an urgent need for these giant consumers. consumers. consumers. So, the Tokenomics Foundation will build So, the Tokenomics Foundation will build So, the Tokenomics Foundation will build alongside, and this is key, alongside alongside, and this is key, alongside alongside, and this is key, alongside and together and together and together with the FinOps Foundation. The FinOps with the FinOps Foundation. The FinOps with the FinOps Foundation. The FinOps Foundation is going to remain exactly as Foundation is going to remain exactly as Foundation is going to remain exactly as it is. it is. it is. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; This is the practitioner community. This &gt;&gt; This is the practitioner community. This &gt;&gt; This is the practitioner community. This is the practitioner table. This we're is the practitioner table. This we're is the practitioner table. This we're going to invest in the framework. I have going to invest in the framework. I have going to invest in the framework. I have some announcements on that coming. We're some announcements on that coming. We're some announcements on that coming. We're going to keep investing in FinOps for going to keep investing in FinOps for going to keep investing in FinOps for AI. We're going to invest in AI. We're going to invest in AI. We're going to invest in certifications and grow this community certifications and grow this community certifications and grow this community that's now over 120,000 people around that's now over 120,000 people around that's now over 120,000 people around the world. Alongside it, the world. Alongside it, the world. Alongside it, the Tokenomics Foundation, while the the Tokenomics Foundation, while the the Tokenomics Foundation, while the FinOps Foundation does all of this, is FinOps Foundation does all of this, is FinOps Foundation does all of this, is going to do a deep dive. It's going to going to do a deep dive. It's going to going to do a deep dive. It's going to go dive into this problem. I'm going to go dive into this problem. I'm going to go dive into this problem. I'm going to be hiring a new team within the be hiring a new team within the be hiring a new team within the Tokenomics Foundation to do this work. Tokenomics Foundation to do this work. Tokenomics Foundation to do this work. We're going to share resources. We're We're going to share resources. We're We're going to share resources. We're going to share events. We're going to going to share events. We're going to going to share events. We're going to share things like that. But we're going share things like that. But we're going share things like that. But we're going to run a dedicated set of governing to run a dedicated set of governing to run a dedicated set of governing boards, technical steering committees, boards, technical steering committees, boards, technical steering committees, and critically and critically and critically IP managed member working groups that IP managed member working groups that IP managed member working groups that solve this problem and set up vendor solve this problem and set up vendor solve this problem and set up vendor neutral specifications and best neutral specifications and best neutral specifications and best practices for everybody. practices for everybody. practices for everybody. Because at the core of what we do, our Because at the core of what we do, our Because at the core of what we do, our mission mission mission is you, is you, is you, the practitioner. the practitioner. the practitioner. Our mission is, Our mission is, Our mission is, always has been, and I think always will always has been, and I think always will always has been, and I think always will be, be, be, to advance the people to advance the people to advance the people who manage the value who manage the value who manage the value of technology. of technology. of technology. So, as we look at how this looks in the So, as we look at how this looks in the So, as we look at how this looks in the organization, you'll see that organization, you'll see that organization, you'll see that our community will stay together our community will stay together our community will stay together at events, in our slacks, in our at events, in our slacks, in our at events, in our slacks, in our community calls, all together. community calls, all together. community calls, all together. The FinOps Foundation will continue to The FinOps Foundation will continue to The FinOps Foundation will continue to do the great work it's doing with the do the great work it's doing with the do the great work it's doing with the existing team it has, continue building existing team it has, continue building existing team it has, continue building and growing. and growing. and growing. The Tokenomics Foundation will stand up The Tokenomics Foundation will stand up The Tokenomics Foundation will stand up alongside of it, sharing some alongside of it, sharing some alongside of it, sharing some operational resources, but with a new operational resources, but with a new operational resources, but with a new set of set of set of SMEs, governing board, technical SMEs, governing board, technical SMEs, governing board, technical steering committee, and working groups. steering committee, and working groups. steering committee, and working groups. IOTA forum, which joined us a few months IOTA forum, which joined us a few months IOTA forum, which joined us a few months ago, will continue its work. They met ago, will continue its work. They met ago, will continue its work. They met here yesterday for their inaugural Linux here yesterday for their inaugural Linux here yesterday for their inaugural Linux Foundation board meeting. Foundation board meeting. Foundation board meeting. And all of these organizations will And all of these organizations will And all of these organizations will continue to support FOCUS. FOCUS is the continue to support FOCUS. FOCUS is the continue to support FOCUS. FOCUS is the substrate of underlying billing data to substrate of underlying billing data to substrate of underlying billing data to normalize all of this. And what's new is we now are working a And what's new is we now are working a And what's new is we now are working a lot more closely with our friends and lot more closely with our friends and lot more closely with our friends and colleagues in the Linux Foundation. colleagues in the Linux Foundation. colleagues in the Linux Foundation. The Agoric AI Foundation had MCP donated The Agoric AI Foundation had MCP donated The Agoric AI Foundation had MCP donated to it this year by Anthropic, other to it this year by Anthropic, other to it this year by Anthropic, other frontier model providers like OpenAI sit frontier model providers like OpenAI sit frontier model providers like OpenAI sit on their board, Cloud Native Computing on their board, Cloud Native Computing on their board, Cloud Native Computing Foundation hosts Kubernetes, PyTorch Foundation hosts Kubernetes, PyTorch Foundation hosts Kubernetes, PyTorch Torch hosts vLLM and SGLang. Torch hosts vLLM and SGLang. Torch hosts vLLM and SGLang. We at the Linux Foundation are one of We at the Linux Foundation are one of We at the Linux Foundation are one of the 40 companies in the world who have the 40 companies in the world who have the 40 companies in the world who have access to Mythos. We are directly access to Mythos. We are directly access to Mythos. We are directly testing Mythos against the Linux kernel testing Mythos against the Linux kernel testing Mythos against the Linux kernel and our security offerings. We're going and our security offerings. We're going and our security offerings. We're going to bring all this together into a single to bring all this together into a single to bring all this together into a single practitioner community focused on tech practitioner community focused on tech practitioner community focused on tech value. value. value. Within the Linux Foundation, as this Within the Linux Foundation, as this Within the Linux Foundation, as this changes, changes, changes, FinOps X will have to evolve, as well. But before I tell you about that, But before I tell you about that, But before I tell you about that, I want to welcome to the stage a few I want to welcome to the stage a few I want to welcome to the stage a few folks uh who have been really dramatic folks uh who have been really dramatic folks uh who have been really dramatic and helpful, dramatically helpful, and helpful, dramatically helpful, and helpful, dramatically helpful, just helpful. Um got I got I lost my just helpful. Um got I got I lost my just helpful. Um got I got I lost my words right at the end. Um in this whole words right at the end. Um in this whole words right at the end. Um in this whole process, uh process, uh process, uh Frederick uh is a governing board member Frederick uh is a governing board member Frederick uh is a governing board member of the FinOps Foundation, will continue of the FinOps Foundation, will continue of the FinOps Foundation, will continue to be so, but he's also now a committed to be so, but he's also now a committed to be so, but he's also now a committed member of the new Tokenomics Foundation. member of the new Tokenomics Foundation. member of the new Tokenomics Foundation. So, please, after this lovely video, So, please, after this lovely video, So, please, after this lovely video, welcome to the stage Frederick and Mida welcome to the stage Frederick and Mida welcome to the stage Frederick and Mida from SAP. from SAP. from SAP. &gt;&gt; Since the dawn of time, &gt;&gt; Since the dawn of time, &gt;&gt; Since the dawn of time, history has been defined by a series of history has been defined by a series of history has been defined by a series of world-changing innovations. These groundbreaking moments were not These groundbreaking moments were not These groundbreaking moments were not always met with the appropriate levels always met with the appropriate levels always met with the appropriate levels of enthusiasm. of enthusiasm. of enthusiasm. &gt;&gt; Well, &gt;&gt; Well, &gt;&gt; Well, that's the end of the raw food industry. that's the end of the raw food industry. that's the end of the raw food industry. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Well, that's the end of Shakespeare. No more mainframes. No more mainframes. No more mainframes. &gt;&gt; Well, that's the end of big data. &gt;&gt; Well, that's the end of big data. &gt;&gt; Well, that's the end of big data. &gt;&gt; They're calling it software as a &gt;&gt; They're calling it software as a &gt;&gt; They're calling it software as a service. service. service. They think people are going to rent They think people are going to rent They think people are going to rent software? software? software? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, we're an autonomous enterprise now. &gt;&gt; So, we're an autonomous enterprise now. &gt;&gt; So, we're an autonomous enterprise now. You know what that means? You know what that means? You know what that means? &gt;&gt; It's the end. &gt;&gt; It's the end. &gt;&gt; It's the end. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The end of busy work, bottlenecks, and The end of busy work, bottlenecks, and The end of busy work, bottlenecks, and silos, and the beginning of silos, and the beginning of silos, and the beginning of faster, faster, faster, simpler, simpler, simpler, better. better. better. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the autonomous enterprise. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the autonomous enterprise. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the autonomous enterprise. It's not the end of anything. It's not the end of anything. It's not the end of anything. It's the beginning of better. &gt;&gt; Good morning, San Diego. &gt;&gt; Good morning, San Diego. &gt;&gt; Good morning, San Diego. &gt;&gt; Hello, everyone. &gt;&gt; Hello, everyone. &gt;&gt; Hello, everyone. &gt;&gt; And yeah, it's not the end. &gt;&gt; And yeah, it's not the end. &gt;&gt; And yeah, it's not the end. But, let's get started. But, let's get started. But, let's get started. Every transformation in history, as you Every transformation in history, as you Every transformation in history, as you could just see, was could just see, was could just see, was was met with some sort of resistance. was met with some sort of resistance. was met with some sort of resistance. AI is no different here, right? AI is no different here, right? AI is no different here, right? But, the companies But, the companies But, the companies that are leading are not the ones that that are leading are not the ones that that are leading are not the ones that are resisting. These are the companies are resisting. These are the companies are resisting. These are the companies that leveraging the technology for their that leveraging the technology for their that leveraging the technology for their advantage. advantage. advantage. 2 weeks back at Sapphire, SAP announced 2 weeks back at Sapphire, SAP announced 2 weeks back at Sapphire, SAP announced the autonomous enterprise. the autonomous enterprise. the autonomous enterprise. People set the direction, AI executes. People set the direction, AI executes. People set the direction, AI executes. Sounds like a dream, right? Sounds like a dream, right? Sounds like a dream, right? But, it's actually a big shift. We're But, it's actually a big shift. We're But, it's actually a big shift. We're moving AI from assistance into moving AI from assistance into moving AI from assistance into execution. execution. execution. We are with the autonomous suite as the We are with the autonomous suite as the We are with the autonomous suite as the operating system of your enterprise. operating system of your enterprise. operating system of your enterprise. At the core, we have the SAP Business AI At the core, we have the SAP Business AI At the core, we have the SAP Business AI platform. platform. platform. Multi LLM, Multi LLM, Multi LLM, different hyperscalers, SAP's cloud different hyperscalers, SAP's cloud different hyperscalers, SAP's cloud infrastructure. We're talking about infrastructure. We're talking about infrastructure. We're talking about trillions of tokens and billions of trillions of tokens and billions of trillions of tokens and billions of spend. spend. spend. Our CTO literally called it, "We are all Our CTO literally called it, "We are all Our CTO literally called it, "We are all in on AI." My name is Frederik, and I'm the VP of My name is Frederik, and I'm the VP of My name is Frederik, and I'm the VP of FinOps and cloud data solutions at SAP. FinOps and cloud data solutions at SAP. FinOps and cloud data solutions at SAP. And my team ensures that all in is also And my team ensures that all in is also And my team ensures that all in is also economically sustainable. economically sustainable. economically sustainable. &gt;&gt; And I'm Maida, and whenever you hear uh &gt;&gt; And I'm Maida, and whenever you hear uh &gt;&gt; And I'm Maida, and whenever you hear uh trillions of tokens, I'm the data trillions of tokens, I'm the data trillions of tokens, I'm the data scientist behind all of these numbers. scientist behind all of these numbers. scientist behind all of these numbers. &gt;&gt; So, what are we in FinOps solving today? &gt;&gt; So, what are we in FinOps solving today? &gt;&gt; So, what are we in FinOps solving today? Right? We practitioners, we need to look Right? We practitioners, we need to look Right? We practitioners, we need to look under the hood. under the hood. under the hood. Maida, let's show them how that looks Maida, let's show them how that looks Maida, let's show them how that looks like. like. like. &gt;&gt; So, let's see. So, this is what it looks &gt;&gt; So, let's see. So, this is what it looks &gt;&gt; So, let's see. So, this is what it looks like. This is 12 months of token like. This is 12 months of token like. This is 12 months of token consumption at SAP. consumption at SAP. consumption at SAP. It's not a linear function. I wouldn't It's not a linear function. I wouldn't It's not a linear function. I wouldn't call it even a steep one. It's fairly call it even a steep one. It's fairly call it even a steep one. It's fairly exponential. exponential. exponential. Tokens are the best common denominator Tokens are the best common denominator Tokens are the best common denominator that we have at hand today. They are the that we have at hand today. They are the that we have at hand today. They are the atomic unit of AI consumption, and the atomic unit of AI consumption, and the atomic unit of AI consumption, and the industry as a whole has converged on industry as a whole has converged on industry as a whole has converged on them as a unit of measure. them as a unit of measure. them as a unit of measure. And honestly, when anyone sees a curve And honestly, when anyone sees a curve And honestly, when anyone sees a curve bending like this, bending like this, bending like this, the FinOps question rise itself. the FinOps question rise itself. the FinOps question rise itself. What is driving it, and most What is driving it, and most What is driving it, and most importantly, is it earning what it importantly, is it earning what it importantly, is it earning what it costs? costs? costs? But, before we could answer that, we had But, before we could answer that, we had But, before we could answer that, we had to be able to show it. to be able to show it. to be able to show it. Unfortunately, this data did not show up Unfortunately, this data did not show up Unfortunately, this data did not show up in our standard cloud tooling at the in our standard cloud tooling at the in our standard cloud tooling at the beginning. So, we built the first beginning. So, we built the first beginning. So, we built the first picture ourselves, and we shared it with picture ourselves, and we shared it with picture ourselves, and we shared it with our CDO. our CDO. our CDO. This sharing changed the conversation This sharing changed the conversation This sharing changed the conversation much faster than we expected. I think much faster than we expected. I think much faster than we expected. I think Frederik will remember, within days it Frederik will remember, within days it Frederik will remember, within days it went from like, "Okay, this is went from like, "Okay, this is went from like, "Okay, this is interesting. Keep me posted." to interesting. Keep me posted." to interesting. Keep me posted." to &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was something like, "I need &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was something like, "I need &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was something like, "I need this regularly. I need more." And this regularly. I need more." And this regularly. I need more." And getting an executive like the CTO getting an executive like the CTO getting an executive like the CTO involved early helped us to open doors, involved early helped us to open doors, involved early helped us to open doors, align people. It gives you the necessary align people. It gives you the necessary align people. It gives you the necessary traction that you need. traction that you need. traction that you need. But an executive asking for a number, But an executive asking for a number, But an executive asking for a number, that's not a question. that's not a question. that's not a question. It's a mandate. It's a mandate. It's a mandate. And for us to deliver on that mandate, And for us to deliver on that mandate, And for us to deliver on that mandate, we had to dive deeper. we had to dive deeper. we had to dive deeper. And we had to admit something very And we had to admit something very And we had to admit something very early. early. early. Our FinOps cloud playbook Our FinOps cloud playbook Our FinOps cloud playbook didn't work anymore. AI does not just stretch the cloud AI does not just stretch the cloud AI does not just stretch the cloud playbook. It breaks it. playbook. It breaks it. playbook. It breaks it. AI is more different from the cloud AI is more different from the cloud AI is more different from the cloud than cloud was to the data center. than cloud was to the data center. than cloud was to the data center. And we want to show you a few examples And we want to show you a few examples And we want to show you a few examples that we encountered. Cloud infrastructure lives for years. Cloud infrastructure lives for years. Cloud infrastructure lives for years. It aligns well to depreciation cycles, It aligns well to depreciation cycles, It aligns well to depreciation cycles, and we can buy reserved instances with a and we can buy reserved instances with a and we can buy reserved instances with a lot of comfort, right? lot of comfort, right? lot of comfort, right? AI models, on the contrary, they get AI models, on the contrary, they get AI models, on the contrary, they get deprecated in months. If you look at the deprecated in months. If you look at the deprecated in months. If you look at the frontier models li- frontier models frontier models li- frontier models frontier models li- frontier models lifetime, it's less than 6 months. lifetime, it's less than 6 months. lifetime, it's less than 6 months. That's not even a quarter of Moore's That's not even a quarter of Moore's That's not even a quarter of Moore's law. law. law. In pricing, In pricing, In pricing, cloud resources are priced pretty cloud resources are priced pretty cloud resources are priced pretty linear. linear. linear. You add more vCPU, you add more gigabyte You add more vCPU, you add more gigabyte You add more vCPU, you add more gigabyte storage, you add more terabyte memory, storage, you add more terabyte memory, storage, you add more terabyte memory, and pricing goes up. and pricing goes up. and pricing goes up. In AI, you pay per token. And this In AI, you pay per token. And this In AI, you pay per token. And this little token little token little token hides an enormous complexity underneath. Predictability, Predictability, Predictability, I guess it's what's causing us all of I guess it's what's causing us all of I guess it's what's causing us all of pain. pain. pain. AI is pretty volatile AI is pretty volatile AI is pretty volatile and pretty hard to forecast. In cloud, we tune capacity. In cloud, we tune capacity. In cloud, we tune capacity. We right-size, we buy spot or reserved We right-size, we buy spot or reserved We right-size, we buy spot or reserved instances. instances. instances. If I look in the room here, If I look in the room here, If I look in the room here, I mean, you're all pros on that. I mean, you're all pros on that. I mean, you're all pros on that. With AI, we need to tune different With AI, we need to tune different With AI, we need to tune different levers. We need to look at model levers. We need to look at model levers. We need to look at model routing, model selection, routing, model selection, routing, model selection, prompt engineering, all things like prompt engineering, all things like prompt engineering, all things like token caching, context windows. These token caching, context windows. These token caching, context windows. These are different levers that we need to are different levers that we need to are different levers that we need to leverage. And also, leverage. And also, leverage. And also, as we experience different stakeholders as we experience different stakeholders as we experience different stakeholders in the organization. in the organization. in the organization. So, while traditional FinOps optimizes So, while traditional FinOps optimizes So, while traditional FinOps optimizes infrastructure, FinOps for AI optimizes infrastructure, FinOps for AI optimizes infrastructure, FinOps for AI optimizes the outcome of each token. Jensen Huang, uh the CEO of Nvidia, Jensen Huang, uh the CEO of Nvidia, Jensen Huang, uh the CEO of Nvidia, calls this the token factory calls this the token factory calls this the token factory effectiveness. effectiveness. effectiveness. Every company running AI at scale needs Every company running AI at scale needs Every company running AI at scale needs to optimize this. to optimize this. to optimize this. For us in FinOps, For us in FinOps, For us in FinOps, it's a job description. it's a job description. it's a job description. Every token need to earn their cost. Every token need to earn their cost. Every token need to earn their cost. Which is exactly one of the first Which is exactly one of the first Which is exactly one of the first questions that we got when we shared the questions that we got when we shared the questions that we got when we shared the report with the CTO, report with the CTO, report with the CTO, are our tokens actually getting cheaper? are our tokens actually getting cheaper? are our tokens actually getting cheaper? &gt;&gt; So, the answer to that? &gt;&gt; So, the answer to that? &gt;&gt; So, the answer to that? Yes. Yes. Yes. This is our cost per token over the same This is our cost per token over the same This is our cost per token over the same time period. It's clearly trending down time period. It's clearly trending down time period. It's clearly trending down even with a bit flattening at the end. even with a bit flattening at the end. even with a bit flattening at the end. And honestly, it matches the narrative And honestly, it matches the narrative And honestly, it matches the narrative that everyone wants to believe, right? that everyone wants to believe, right? that everyone wants to believe, right? Token prices keep on falling. Token prices keep on falling. Token prices keep on falling. So, the logical question that anyone So, the logical question that anyone So, the logical question that anyone would ask, and maybe maybe a lot of you would ask, and maybe maybe a lot of you would ask, and maybe maybe a lot of you in the room, is since token consumption in the room, is since token consumption in the room, is since token consumption is exploding and the unit cost is is exploding and the unit cost is is exploding and the unit cost is falling, they should be canceling each falling, they should be canceling each falling, they should be canceling each other out, right? other out, right? other out, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, actually not quite. So, what we &gt;&gt; Yeah, actually not quite. So, what we &gt;&gt; Yeah, actually not quite. So, what we saw that even at unit cost kept on saw that even at unit cost kept on saw that even at unit cost kept on falling, falling, falling, that we see spend even in someone still that we see spend even in someone still that we see spend even in someone still doubling, right? doubling, right? doubling, right? Um that's what you see is the Jevons Um that's what you see is the Jevons Um that's what you see is the Jevons paradox life. Yeah? Jevons is what we paradox life. Yeah? Jevons is what we paradox life. Yeah? Jevons is what we can see. can see. can see. But there's some other signals that we But there's some other signals that we But there's some other signals that we need to watch out for. need to watch out for. need to watch out for. Are the cost per token bottoming out? Are the cost per token bottoming out? Are the cost per token bottoming out? Rising? Rising? Rising? Right? We have supply chain constraints. Right? We have supply chain constraints. Right? We have supply chain constraints. We have hardware prices that are rising. We have hardware prices that are rising. We have hardware prices that are rising. So, these are all compounding factors So, these are all compounding factors So, these are all compounding factors that we need to put into consideration that we need to put into consideration that we need to put into consideration and that we need to proactively manage. and that we need to proactively manage. and that we need to proactively manage. &gt;&gt; But how we do this? We had to come up &gt;&gt; But how we do this? We had to come up &gt;&gt; But how we do this? We had to come up with a framework that was purpose-built with a framework that was purpose-built with a framework that was purpose-built for all. for all. for all. We started with spend visibility. We started with spend visibility. We started with spend visibility. What we're spending, where, and on which What we're spending, where, and on which What we're spending, where, and on which model. This is the foundation. Pretty model. This is the foundation. Pretty model. This is the foundation. Pretty basic, but this is exactly what gets you basic, but this is exactly what gets you basic, but this is exactly what gets you that executive attention, which then that executive attention, which then that executive attention, which then opens the door later for more. opens the door later for more. opens the door later for more. The second pillar would be economics. The second pillar would be economics. The second pillar would be economics. This is how we consume AI. Cost per This is how we consume AI. Cost per This is how we consume AI. Cost per token, cached token ratio, token to token, cached token ratio, token to token, cached token ratio, token to spend drift. This is where you catch the spend drift. This is where you catch the spend drift. This is where you catch the silent killers. silent killers. silent killers. At scale, a small 10% improvement in At scale, a small 10% improvement in At scale, a small 10% improvement in cached token ratio could save you cached token ratio could save you cached token ratio could save you millions annually. millions annually. millions annually. And these are not just vanity metrics. And these are not just vanity metrics. And these are not just vanity metrics. These are real optimization levers. These are real optimization levers. These are real optimization levers. And the destination. This is our most And the destination. This is our most And the destination. This is our most important piece, the value. important piece, the value. important piece, the value. This metrics will help us answering the This metrics will help us answering the This metrics will help us answering the question that we hear every CEO and question that we hear every CEO and question that we hear every CEO and every CFO asking lately every CFO asking lately every CFO asking lately about cost attribution. Does all of this about cost attribution. Does all of this about cost attribution. Does all of this AI spend actually have a good return on AI spend actually have a good return on AI spend actually have a good return on investment? investment? investment? Cost per use case can tell you which AI Cost per use case can tell you which AI Cost per use case can tell you which AI features are economically viable. features are economically viable. features are economically viable. Inference cost by revenue can tell you Inference cost by revenue can tell you Inference cost by revenue can tell you if your AI product margins actually if your AI product margins actually if your AI product margins actually work. work. work. So, So, So, here is exactly where the FinOps stops here is exactly where the FinOps stops here is exactly where the FinOps stops counting costs and starts driving counting costs and starts driving counting costs and starts driving technology decisions. technology decisions. technology decisions. Here we have it. This is our framework. Here we have it. This is our framework. Here we have it. This is our framework. Three pillars, left to right, from Three pillars, left to right, from Three pillars, left to right, from foundation to destination. foundation to destination. foundation to destination. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Myra, and having a framework on &gt;&gt; Yeah, Myra, and having a framework on &gt;&gt; Yeah, Myra, and having a framework on one on the slide, right, is the one one on the slide, right, is the one one on the slide, right, is the one thing. thing. thing. Um operating it at SAP scale is another Um operating it at SAP scale is another Um operating it at SAP scale is another one. one. one. So, if you guys are curious and you want So, if you guys are curious and you want So, if you guys are curious and you want to know on how we built the to know on how we built the to know on how we built the purpose-built AI control plane, uh make purpose-built AI control plane, uh make purpose-built AI control plane, uh make sure to join us later in our breakout sure to join us later in our breakout sure to join us later in our breakout session. session. session. But to close out on this, But to close out on this, But to close out on this, AI is here to stay. AI is here to stay. AI is here to stay. Tokens are the new currency. Tokens are the new currency. Tokens are the new currency. And FinOps for AI or tokenomics ensures And FinOps for AI or tokenomics ensures And FinOps for AI or tokenomics ensures that they are economically sustainable that they are economically sustainable that they are economically sustainable and not just productive. and not just productive. and not just productive. &gt;&gt; But the question is no longer whether AI &gt;&gt; But the question is no longer whether AI &gt;&gt; But the question is no longer whether AI creates value. I think anyone in this creates value. I think anyone in this creates value. I think anyone in this room can agree that it actually does. room can agree that it actually does. room can agree that it actually does. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the questions are actually do you &gt;&gt; Yeah, the questions are actually do you &gt;&gt; Yeah, the questions are actually do you have the visibility to prove it? have the visibility to prove it? have the visibility to prove it? The economics to optimize it. The economics to optimize it. The economics to optimize it. And the governance to sustain it. And the governance to sustain it. And the governance to sustain it. That's the bar. That's the bar. That's the bar. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you all. &gt;&gt; Thank you all. &gt;&gt; Thank you all. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; I I got to make it to the joke that I &gt;&gt; I I got to make it to the joke that I &gt;&gt; I I got to make it to the joke that I got to make the joke. Leave it to the got to make the joke. Leave it to the got to make the joke. Leave it to the Germans to be a minute and a half early Germans to be a minute and a half early Germans to be a minute and a half early on their time. That was that was on their time. That was that was on their time. That was that was perfect. perfect. perfect. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So glad. Um everybody's always late on &gt;&gt; So glad. Um everybody's always late on &gt;&gt; So glad. Um everybody's always late on their keynotes. Amazing. their keynotes. Amazing. their keynotes. Amazing. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; So this technology value umbrella in the &gt;&gt; So this technology value umbrella in the &gt;&gt; So this technology value umbrella in the Linux Foundation has a lot of parts to Linux Foundation has a lot of parts to Linux Foundation has a lot of parts to it. Uh there's going to be a lot of this it. Uh there's going to be a lot of this it. Uh there's going to be a lot of this that we're unpacking as we go through that we're unpacking as we go through that we're unpacking as we go through the day. the day. the day. So the FinOps Foundation governing So the FinOps Foundation governing So the FinOps Foundation governing board, which has been in place in the board, which has been in place in the board, which has been in place in the Linux Foundation since we joined in Linux Foundation since we joined in Linux Foundation since we joined in 2020, is made up of a lot of great 2020, is made up of a lot of great 2020, is made up of a lot of great people. people. people. And it's people across the entire And it's people across the entire And it's people across the entire ecosystem of vendors and practitioners ecosystem of vendors and practitioners ecosystem of vendors and practitioners and clouds and hardware providers and and clouds and hardware providers and and clouds and hardware providers and data center providers. data center providers. data center providers. Uh and I wanted to thank who in the in Uh and I wanted to thank who in the in Uh and I wanted to thank who in the in the audience is a governing board the audience is a governing board the audience is a governing board member? Can you raise your hand? Give member? Can you raise your hand? Give member? Can you raise your hand? Give these folks a round of applause, please, these folks a round of applause, please, these folks a round of applause, please, for all their guidance and help. for all their guidance and help. for all their guidance and help. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Awesome. In particular, I wanted to thank In particular, I wanted to thank In particular, I wanted to thank Jennifer Hayes from Fidelity. She has Jennifer Hayes from Fidelity. She has Jennifer Hayes from Fidelity. She has been our governing board chair since been our governing board chair since been our governing board chair since 2021 2021 2021 and she is turning over uh I was going and she is turning over uh I was going and she is turning over uh I was going to say the hat, the baton, the tiara. I to say the hat, the baton, the tiara. I to say the hat, the baton, the tiara. I I Something like that uh to our dear I Something like that uh to our dear I Something like that uh to our dear friend Natalie Daley from HSBC who is friend Natalie Daley from HSBC who is friend Natalie Daley from HSBC who is joining us as a new governing board joining us as a new governing board joining us as a new governing board chair. chair. chair. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Speaking of governing board members, uh &gt;&gt; Speaking of governing board members, uh &gt;&gt; Speaking of governing board members, uh long-term governing board member is the long-term governing board member is the long-term governing board member is the next speaker up here. Uh this person has next speaker up here. Uh this person has next speaker up here. Uh this person has been really helpful also in that mission been really helpful also in that mission been really helpful also in that mission debate I mentioned to get us to debate I mentioned to get us to debate I mentioned to get us to supporting the larger mission of supporting the larger mission of supporting the larger mission of technology. Uh please welcome to the technology. Uh please welcome to the technology. Uh please welcome to the stage our dear friend uh who is a stage our dear friend uh who is a stage our dear friend uh who is a governing board member of the FinOps governing board member of the FinOps governing board member of the FinOps Foundation and future committed Foundation and future committed Foundation and future committed governing board member of the Tokenomics governing board member of the Tokenomics governing board member of the Tokenomics Foundation, Mike from Accenture. &gt;&gt; Wow, thanks, Gerard. &gt;&gt; Wow, thanks, Gerard. &gt;&gt; Wow, thanks, Gerard. Wow, okay. Wow, okay. Wow, okay. Um Um Um About a month ago, a little over a month About a month ago, a little over a month About a month ago, a little over a month ago, on a Friday, ago, on a Friday, ago, on a Friday, I was talking to a CIO and he said, I was talking to a CIO and he said, I was talking to a CIO and he said, "Mike, our costs are going up every "Mike, our costs are going up every "Mike, our costs are going up every weekday. And don't tell anyone this." weekday. And don't tell anyone this." weekday. And don't tell anyone this." And I love this part cuz I'm speaking in And I love this part cuz I'm speaking in And I love this part cuz I'm speaking in front of a room. How many people? Don't front of a room. How many people? Don't front of a room. How many people? Don't tell anyone. You're all entrusted with tell anyone. You're all entrusted with tell anyone. You're all entrusted with me. But we spent $250,000 on Cloud on me. But we spent $250,000 on Cloud on me. But we spent $250,000 on Cloud on Wednesday. You laugh now. 4 weeks later, that You laugh now. 4 weeks later, that You laugh now. 4 weeks later, that number was $400,000. number was $400,000. number was $400,000. No joke. No joke. No joke. Now, I've been in FinOps for a long time Now, I've been in FinOps for a long time Now, I've been in FinOps for a long time and I remember the days of the runaway and I remember the days of the runaway and I remember the days of the runaway Lambdas. Lambdas. Lambdas. Uh we had one case where a Lambda Uh we had one case where a Lambda Uh we had one case where a Lambda function blew itself out of the free function blew itself out of the free function blew itself out of the free tier and was costing $20,000 in a matter tier and was costing $20,000 in a matter tier and was costing $20,000 in a matter of hours. of hours. of hours. What was the anomaly detection in that What was the anomaly detection in that What was the anomaly detection in that case? case? case? AWS engineers on the back end said, AWS engineers on the back end said, AWS engineers on the back end said, "Whoa, we've never seen anything like "Whoa, we've never seen anything like "Whoa, we've never seen anything like this before." this before." this before." They escalated it internally They escalated it internally They escalated it internally all the way to Andy Jassy, all the way to Andy Jassy, all the way to Andy Jassy, who told them to get on the phone with who told them to get on the phone with who told them to get on the phone with us. us. us. We had a case where a BigQuery query We had a case where a BigQuery query We had a case where a BigQuery query with that was costing tens of dollars with that was costing tens of dollars with that was costing tens of dollars launched to a million dollars in a launched to a million dollars in a launched to a million dollars in a single day. single day. single day. Now, we were able to get those under Now, we were able to get those under Now, we were able to get those under control fairly quickly in part because control fairly quickly in part because control fairly quickly in part because they came from individual points of they came from individual points of they came from individual points of usage. usage. usage. Now, you'll hear a lot about whether AI Now, you'll hear a lot about whether AI Now, you'll hear a lot about whether AI and FinOps are, you know, how much do and FinOps are, you know, how much do and FinOps are, you know, how much do they overlap. But, in many ways AI is they overlap. But, in many ways AI is they overlap. But, in many ways AI is just one more FinOps scope. I mean, are just one more FinOps scope. I mean, are just one more FinOps scope. I mean, are token cost structures really all that token cost structures really all that token cost structures really all that different from lambda functions? But, our our ability to build tools and But, our our ability to build tools and But, our our ability to build tools and our ability to forecast and allocate and our ability to forecast and allocate and our ability to forecast and allocate and optimize is going to fly through the optimize is going to fly through the optimize is going to fly through the crawl, walk, run gates way faster than crawl, walk, run gates way faster than crawl, walk, run gates way faster than it did before. This is not where we're it did before. This is not where we're it did before. This is not where we're going to be spending our time. going to be spending our time. going to be spending our time. There are two things that make AI very, There are two things that make AI very, There are two things that make AI very, very different from FinOps. And I think very different from FinOps. And I think very different from FinOps. And I think of these in radii. The first is an of these in radii. The first is an of these in radii. The first is an expansion of our circle. Now, we've been expansion of our circle. Now, we've been expansion of our circle. Now, we've been doing FinOps by design shifting left and doing FinOps by design shifting left and doing FinOps by design shifting left and shifting right for years. We've been shifting right for years. We've been shifting right for years. We've been bringing engineers and architects and bringing engineers and architects and bringing engineers and architects and operators and developers into our world. operators and developers into our world. operators and developers into our world. But, now we're going to have to weigh in But, now we're going to have to weigh in But, now we're going to have to weigh in on things like network proxy on things like network proxy on things like network proxy configuration, desktop policy, uh API configuration, desktop policy, uh API configuration, desktop policy, uh API call metadata, and things like that. call metadata, and things like that. call metadata, and things like that. The other expansion of our circle The other expansion of our circle The other expansion of our circle is vertical. It's perpendicular. is vertical. It's perpendicular. is vertical. It's perpendicular. We have the attention of the leaders We have the attention of the leaders We have the attention of the leaders now. now. now. Like that lambda function, token costs Like that lambda function, token costs Like that lambda function, token costs have launched FinOps past the VPs we've have launched FinOps past the VPs we've have launched FinOps past the VPs we've been trying to get in the room with all been trying to get in the room with all been trying to get in the room with all the way to the C-suite, the CEO's the way to the C-suite, the CEO's the way to the C-suite, the CEO's office, and the board room. office, and the board room. office, and the board room. So, AI's pulled back the curtain on So, AI's pulled back the curtain on So, AI's pulled back the curtain on FinOps, and many of you know you're in FinOps, and many of you know you're in FinOps, and many of you know you're in the spotlight right now like never the spotlight right now like never the spotlight right now like never before. And for some of you it's yet to before. And for some of you it's yet to before. And for some of you it's yet to come, but in any case, I believe that come, but in any case, I believe that come, but in any case, I believe that this is actually our moment. this is actually our moment. this is actually our moment. I work for a services company. We were I work for a services company. We were I work for a services company. We were one of the first to be fingered as the one of the first to be fingered as the one of the first to be fingered as the one that's going to be massively uh one that's going to be massively uh one that's going to be massively uh disrupted by AI. So, what did we do? We disrupted by AI. So, what did we do? We disrupted by AI. So, what did we do? We invested very heavily to understand what invested very heavily to understand what invested very heavily to understand what this was going to mean for our our this was going to mean for our our this was going to mean for our our business, for our nearly 800,000 people, business, for our nearly 800,000 people, business, for our nearly 800,000 people, and for the way we serve clients. and for the way we serve clients. and for the way we serve clients. Our CEO leaned in really hard, and by Our CEO leaned in really hard, and by Our CEO leaned in really hard, and by the beginning of this year we had a the beginning of this year we had a the beginning of this year we had a mandate that said, "If you don't use AI mandate that said, "If you don't use AI mandate that said, "If you don't use AI regularly, you're not eligible for regularly, you're not eligible for regularly, you're not eligible for promotion." And we're measuring it. promotion." And we're measuring it. promotion." And we're measuring it. We're tracking this. We're tracking this. We're tracking this. The senior leaders across all of our The senior leaders across all of our The senior leaders across all of our companies, we've been working with companies, we've been working with companies, we've been working with technology and product people for a long technology and product people for a long technology and product people for a long time, but we now we have to get into time, but we now we have to get into time, but we now we have to get into finance, HR, legal, logistics, finance, HR, legal, logistics, finance, HR, legal, logistics, facilities. They're all grappling with facilities. They're all grappling with facilities. They're all grappling with what AI means for what they do. So, what what AI means for what they do. So, what what AI means for what they do. So, what I want to talk about to you today is how I want to talk about to you today is how I want to talk about to you today is how you as FinOps practitioners can seize you as FinOps practitioners can seize you as FinOps practitioners can seize this inflection point to cement the this inflection point to cement the this inflection point to cement the strategic value of FinOps, something too strategic value of FinOps, something too strategic value of FinOps, something too few leaders senior leaders really few leaders senior leaders really few leaders senior leaders really understood. understood. understood. So, consider AI costs are climbing at a So, consider AI costs are climbing at a So, consider AI costs are climbing at a speed that no one has ever seen before, speed that no one has ever seen before, speed that no one has ever seen before, and there does not appear to be a and there does not appear to be a and there does not appear to be a ceiling. ceiling. ceiling. Consider that the hyperscalers are Consider that the hyperscalers are Consider that the hyperscalers are investing collectively about $2 billion investing collectively about $2 billion investing collectively about $2 billion a day into AI infrastructure costs. a day into AI infrastructure costs. a day into AI infrastructure costs. We are looking at um IPOs from um We are looking at um IPOs from um We are looking at um IPOs from um uh OpenAI. I I had this list. OpenAI, OpenAI. I I had this list. OpenAI, OpenAI. I I had this list. OpenAI, Anthropic, um and SpaceX with XAI. Anthropic, um and SpaceX with XAI. Anthropic, um and SpaceX with XAI. 13-digit IPOs. 13-digit IPOs. 13-digit IPOs. Okay? And if you know anything about Okay? And if you know anything about Okay? And if you know anything about what that means, that means they're what that means, that means they're what that means, that means they're going to be reporting to Wall Street going to be reporting to Wall Street going to be reporting to Wall Street every quarter with expectations for every quarter with expectations for every quarter with expectations for higher revenue and higher profit. And higher revenue and higher profit. And higher revenue and higher profit. And they're going to recover that money from they're going to recover that money from they're going to recover that money from all of us and all of our companies just all of us and all of our companies just all of us and all of our companies just as as as just as fast and as profitably as they just as fast and as profitably as they just as fast and as profitably as they can. Okay? That's how you know cost can. Okay? That's how you know cost can. Okay? That's how you know cost pressures are continuing to intensify. pressures are continuing to intensify. pressures are continuing to intensify. That's why this is our moment, and That's why this is our moment, and That's why this is our moment, and that's why this is the time when we come that's why this is the time when we come that's why this is the time when we come with metrics and measurements, with with metrics and measurements, with with metrics and measurements, with ideas, and with solutions. If we can ideas, and with solutions. If we can ideas, and with solutions. If we can take this one area, tokenomics, we say, take this one area, tokenomics, we say, take this one area, tokenomics, we say, "We can measure this, we can govern "We can measure this, we can govern "We can measure this, we can govern this, we can control this, we're going this, we can control this, we're going this, we can control this, we're going to get really good attention." But, the next step, and you've heard But, the next step, and you've heard But, the next step, and you've heard you're hearing a lot about is you're hearing a lot about is you're hearing a lot about is we can tell you what you get for it. And we can tell you what you get for it. And we can tell you what you get for it. And this is where we're going to shine. this is where we're going to shine. this is where we're going to shine. So, this is where the conversation has So, this is where the conversation has So, this is where the conversation has turned from cost allocation to value turned from cost allocation to value turned from cost allocation to value measurement, and value depends on the measurement, and value depends on the measurement, and value depends on the business, the application, the product, business, the application, the product, business, the application, the product, the service, the activities that legal the service, the activities that legal the service, the activities that legal goes through and that HR goes through. goes through and that HR goes through. goes through and that HR goes through. So, FinOps has to understand the So, FinOps has to understand the So, FinOps has to understand the business like never before. Today, a lot business like never before. Today, a lot business like never before. Today, a lot of us are gate, a gate that you have to of us are gate, a gate that you have to of us are gate, a gate that you have to go through to provision resources, or a go through to provision resources, or a go through to provision resources, or a reporting function, or we're the team reporting function, or we're the team reporting function, or we're the team that tells you to turn stuff off to save that tells you to turn stuff off to save that tells you to turn stuff off to save money. money. money. We need to show up differently. We need to show up differently. We need to show up differently. First, we need to show up with empathy First, we need to show up with empathy First, we need to show up with empathy for the business. All these leaders and for the business. All these leaders and for the business. All these leaders and their operations, they are they're their operations, they are they're their operations, they are they're getting disrupted by AI, they're trying getting disrupted by AI, they're trying getting disrupted by AI, they're trying to figure out what to do. They still to figure out what to do. They still to figure out what to do. They still have to do their business processes, have to do their business processes, have to do their business processes, they still have to ship their products they still have to ship their products they still have to ship their products profitably every day. profitably every day. profitably every day. We need to speak the language of the We need to speak the language of the We need to speak the language of the business. business. business. Um when we talk about tokenomics to Um when we talk about tokenomics to Um when we talk about tokenomics to senior leaders, we have to speak in senior leaders, we have to speak in senior leaders, we have to speak in terms of projects and programs, terms of projects and programs, terms of projects and programs, initiatives, products, channels and initiatives, products, channels and initiatives, products, channels and partnerships. partnerships. partnerships. Don't talk in terms of environments, Don't talk in terms of environments, Don't talk in terms of environments, workloads, or providers. workloads, or providers. workloads, or providers. We're the ones with the data platforms. We're the ones with the data platforms. We're the ones with the data platforms. We have the ability to process data at We have the ability to process data at We have the ability to process data at speed and at scale. We need to provide speed and at scale. We need to provide speed and at scale. We need to provide visibility, but we don't need more visibility, but we don't need more visibility, but we don't need more dashboards. We have to provide specific dashboards. We have to provide specific dashboards. We have to provide specific insights and specific recommendations insights and specific recommendations insights and specific recommendations that show we understand the tensions in that show we understand the tensions in that show we understand the tensions in the business. the business. the business. We have to bring the idea or the insight We have to bring the idea or the insight We have to bring the idea or the insight to the executive to the executive to the executive who's making a bet on their career with who's making a bet on their career with who's making a bet on their career with a particular decision that they're a particular decision that they're a particular decision that they're making. making. making. And so, to do that, we need to And so, to do that, we need to And so, to do that, we need to proactively engage the business and we proactively engage the business and we proactively engage the business and we need to understand how they measure need to understand how they measure need to understand how they measure value. We need to be able to walk into a value. We need to be able to walk into a value. We need to be able to walk into a room with the SVP of a line of business, room with the SVP of a line of business, room with the SVP of a line of business, the chief product officer, a CMO, a CIO, the chief product officer, a CMO, a CIO, the chief product officer, a CMO, a CIO, a CRO, the CEO, and speak strictly in a CRO, the CEO, and speak strictly in a CRO, the CEO, and speak strictly in terms of how they measure themselves. terms of how they measure themselves. terms of how they measure themselves. So, we're talking about unit margins, So, we're talking about unit margins, So, we're talking about unit margins, basis points, cost per room booking, uh basis points, cost per room booking, uh basis points, cost per room booking, uh research project user provisioning research project user provisioning research project user provisioning overhead rates. overhead rates. overhead rates. We also need to give them signposts. We also need to give them signposts. We also need to give them signposts. Okay, we need to they rather than just Okay, we need to they rather than just Okay, we need to they rather than just what the data is and maybe how it was what the data is and maybe how it was what the data is and maybe how it was measured, tell them who's going to use measured, tell them who's going to use measured, tell them who's going to use it and when. it and when. it and when. Leaders have uh a mental map of what's Leaders have uh a mental map of what's Leaders have uh a mental map of what's going on in their air span going on in their air span going on in their air span and and and they they know the the people that roll they they know the the people that roll they they know the the people that roll up to them. And so, if you can tell them up to them. And so, if you can tell them up to them. And so, if you can tell them who's going to use this piece of data who's going to use this piece of data who's going to use this piece of data and at what point in a known business and at what point in a known business and at what point in a known business activity or process, that's better than activity or process, that's better than activity or process, that's better than any punchy metric that you can or unit any punchy metric that you can or unit any punchy metric that you can or unit that you can come up with. that you can come up with. that you can come up with. Look at a call center. Okay, we know Look at a call center. Okay, we know Look at a call center. Okay, we know that the key metric is fairly simple. that the key metric is fairly simple. that the key metric is fairly simple. It's cost per call. It's cost per call. It's cost per call. And AI can drive massive productivity And AI can drive massive productivity And AI can drive massive productivity improvements in this. improvements in this. improvements in this. But actually reducing labor is actually But actually reducing labor is actually But actually reducing labor is actually it it's harder than you think. And so, it it's harder than you think. And so, it it's harder than you think. And so, AI winds up chewing into a lot of the AI winds up chewing into a lot of the AI winds up chewing into a lot of the the efficiency margin that we thought we the efficiency margin that we thought we the efficiency margin that we thought we were going to get. Engineering's even were going to get. Engineering's even were going to get. Engineering's even harder. It's easy enough to measure harder. It's easy enough to measure harder. It's easy enough to measure metrics like lines of code or number of metrics like lines of code or number of metrics like lines of code or number of check-ins, but those are not the check-ins, but those are not the check-ins, but those are not the business priorities generally. We need business priorities generally. We need business priorities generally. We need to understand and be able to talk about to understand and be able to talk about to understand and be able to talk about feature velocity, business outcomes, feature velocity, business outcomes, feature velocity, business outcomes, maybe contractual obligations met, and maybe contractual obligations met, and maybe contractual obligations met, and tie things like that to AI costs. tie things like that to AI costs. tie things like that to AI costs. Now, if you if you if you've heard me Now, if you if you if you've heard me Now, if you if you if you've heard me present in the past, present in the past, present in the past, you know that I say that it's very you know that I say that it's very you know that I say that it's very important for FinOps teams to track how important for FinOps teams to track how important for FinOps teams to track how much they're saving. This is how they much they're saving. This is how they much they're saving. This is how they show their value to leadership. But what show their value to leadership. But what show their value to leadership. But what happens when savings are not even a part happens when savings are not even a part happens when savings are not even a part of the story because we never we we're of the story because we never we we're of the story because we never we we're doing things that we've never done doing things that we've never done doing things that we've never done before or when things actually cost more before or when things actually cost more before or when things actually cost more than they were costing before? than they were costing before? than they were costing before? As we become strategic advisers, our As we become strategic advisers, our As we become strategic advisers, our ability to clearly show AI value ability to clearly show AI value ability to clearly show AI value improvement is going to be one of the improvement is going to be one of the improvement is going to be one of the key illustrations of the value of key illustrations of the value of key illustrations of the value of FinOps. FinOps. FinOps. My colleagues Jessica and Alex, who I My colleagues Jessica and Alex, who I My colleagues Jessica and Alex, who I think are in the audience here today, think are in the audience here today, think are in the audience here today, will be speaking about this in detail will be speaking about this in detail will be speaking about this in detail later later on today. What How to get later later on today. What How to get later later on today. What How to get your seat at the table and what to do your seat at the table and what to do your seat at the table and what to do when you're sitting in it at 2:45 in when you're sitting in it at 2:45 in when you're sitting in it at 2:45 in this room. this room. this room. So, one final thing about about So, one final thing about about So, one final thing about about measuring value is that we're always measuring value is that we're always measuring value is that we're always going to be looking for improvement in going to be looking for improvement in going to be looking for improvement in value. Today, a lot of the conversation value. Today, a lot of the conversation value. Today, a lot of the conversation is about how much labor cost can we save is about how much labor cost can we save is about how much labor cost can we save with AI? Tomorrow, it's going to be a with AI? Tomorrow, it's going to be a with AI? Tomorrow, it's going to be a baseline with AI. Gen 2 has to be better baseline with AI. Gen 2 has to be better baseline with AI. Gen 2 has to be better than Gen 1. Gen 3 has to be better than than Gen 1. Gen 3 has to be better than than Gen 1. Gen 3 has to be better than Gen 2. Your AI-enabled delivery in Gen 2. Your AI-enabled delivery in Gen 2. Your AI-enabled delivery in September has to be better than your September has to be better than your September has to be better than your AI-enabled delivery in June. AI-enabled delivery in June. AI-enabled delivery in June. So, it's about defining, measuring, and So, it's about defining, measuring, and So, it's about defining, measuring, and governing the cost of business outcomes governing the cost of business outcomes governing the cost of business outcomes in an AI driven world. The teams that in an AI driven world. The teams that in an AI driven world. The teams that can connect cost, understand and can connect cost, understand and can connect cost, understand and allocate usage, quantify value, and talk allocate usage, quantify value, and talk allocate usage, quantify value, and talk about it in the language of the business about it in the language of the business about it in the language of the business will be invited into the most important will be invited into the most important will be invited into the most important conversations in the company. So, if we conversations in the company. So, if we conversations in the company. So, if we do this right, FinOps doesn't finally do this right, FinOps doesn't finally do this right, FinOps doesn't finally get a seat at the table, get a seat at the table, get a seat at the table, we're going to actually set the agenda. we're going to actually set the agenda. we're going to actually set the agenda. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you, Mike. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you, Mike. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you, Mike. So, what we're all seeing and hearing is So, what we're all seeing and hearing is So, what we're all seeing and hearing is that roles are changing. that roles are changing. that roles are changing. But, there's a part of this that the job But, there's a part of this that the job But, there's a part of this that the job apocalypse story misses. And I want to apocalypse story misses. And I want to apocalypse story misses. And I want to go way back, and this actually is going go way back, and this actually is going go way back, and this actually is going way back, to the 1980s. Talk about way back, to the 1980s. Talk about way back, to the 1980s. Talk about spreadsheets. spreadsheets. spreadsheets. Lotus 1-2-3, Microsoft Excel burst onto Lotus 1-2-3, Microsoft Excel burst onto Lotus 1-2-3, Microsoft Excel burst onto that spreadsheet scene in the early '80s that spreadsheet scene in the early '80s that spreadsheet scene in the early '80s and really changed the job, specifically and really changed the job, specifically and really changed the job, specifically of bookkeepers. And in fact, after they of bookkeepers. And in fact, after they of bookkeepers. And in fact, after they launched, bookkeepers as a discipline launched, bookkeepers as a discipline launched, bookkeepers as a discipline plummeted. But, what we saw happen was a plummeted. But, what we saw happen was a plummeted. But, what we saw happen was a whole new class of finance person using whole new class of finance person using whole new class of finance person using these more advanced tools, operating in these more advanced tools, operating in these more advanced tools, operating in new ways. So, to talk about the impact new ways. So, to talk about the impact new ways. So, to talk about the impact of AI on all of your jobs, I want to of AI on all of your jobs, I want to of AI on all of your jobs, I want to welcome to the stage Pooja from welcome to the stage Pooja from welcome to the stage Pooja from Prudential. &gt;&gt; Good morning, everyone. &gt;&gt; Good morning, everyone. &gt;&gt; Good morning, everyone. I'm actually going to start with a show I'm actually going to start with a show I'm actually going to start with a show of hands. of hands. of hands. How many people in this room have been How many people in this room have been How many people in this room have been doing FinOps for the last 5 years? How about 10 years? How many people thought Knicks were How many people thought Knicks were How many people thought Knicks were going to win last night? going to win last night? going to win last night? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm sorry, guys. I'm from New York, so &gt;&gt; I'm sorry, guys. I'm from New York, so &gt;&gt; I'm sorry, guys. I'm from New York, so I'm a little biased. Congratulations to I'm a little biased. Congratulations to I'm a little biased. Congratulations to the Spurs, but and we'll see you back in the Spurs, but and we'll see you back in the Spurs, but and we'll see you back in game four. Woohoo! game four. Woohoo! game four. Woohoo! &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; All right, let me bring this back to &gt;&gt; All right, let me bring this back to &gt;&gt; All right, let me bring this back to FinOps and I'm going to make this FinOps and I'm going to make this FinOps and I'm going to make this statement. statement. statement. Traditional FinOps is dead. Traditional FinOps is dead. Traditional FinOps is dead. Not FinOps the discipline. Not FinOps the discipline. Not FinOps the discipline. Not FinOps the community. Not FinOps the community. Not FinOps the community. But FinOps the way we've been doing it But FinOps the way we've been doing it But FinOps the way we've been doing it for the last many, many years. for the last many, many years. for the last many, many years. And that FinOps is dead. And that FinOps is dead. And that FinOps is dead. And if I can be brutally honest, that And if I can be brutally honest, that And if I can be brutally honest, that was dying even way before AI came into was dying even way before AI came into was dying even way before AI came into existence. But But But before I bury it, before I bury it, before I bury it, let me talk about how we got here. We started our journey, our FinOps We started our journey, our FinOps We started our journey, our FinOps journey, just like every other journey, just like every other journey, just like every other organization does. You know, cloud organization does. You know, cloud organization does. You know, cloud became a thing. became a thing. became a thing. We started building cloud. We started um We started building cloud. We started um We started building cloud. We started um scaling cloud. scaling cloud. scaling cloud. Bill got real. The bill got bigger. And Bill got real. The bill got bigger. And Bill got real. The bill got bigger. And then CIOs started asking the question, then CIOs started asking the question, then CIOs started asking the question, what am I getting for my money? what am I getting for my money? what am I getting for my money? That's when FinOps was born. That's when FinOps was born. That's when FinOps was born. Um we built a muscle. We built a team. Um we built a muscle. We built a team. Um we built a muscle. We built a team. We did everything that most mature We did everything that most mature We did everything that most mature FinOps organizations do today. FinOps organizations do today. FinOps organizations do today. We built the dashboards. We automated. We built the dashboards. We automated. We built the dashboards. We automated. We also took FinOps to our global We also took FinOps to our global We also took FinOps to our global offices and it was pretty exciting at offices and it was pretty exciting at offices and it was pretty exciting at the time. the time. the time. We also quickly realized that a small We also quickly realized that a small We also quickly realized that a small core team of FinOps is not going to cut core team of FinOps is not going to cut core team of FinOps is not going to cut it for the future. It's not going to it for the future. It's not going to it for the future. It's not going to scale. scale. scale. So, we actually built a So, we actually built a So, we actually built a we went on a mission. We went on a we went on a mission. We went on a we went on a mission. We went on a mission to build a cost-aware culture. mission to build a cost-aware culture. mission to build a cost-aware culture. So, every single person in the company So, every single person in the company So, every single person in the company was thinking about cost. Every stage in our journey felt mature Every stage in our journey felt mature Every stage in our journey felt mature until the next wave made it look until the next wave made it look until the next wave made it look primitive. primitive. primitive. And AI is the biggest wave yet. Now, before we talk about where FinOps Now, before we talk about where FinOps Now, before we talk about where FinOps is going, where it's evolving, is going, where it's evolving, is going, where it's evolving, let's talk about let's talk about let's talk about and be honest about where we are today. and be honest about where we are today. and be honest about where we are today. These are the three lies every single These are the three lies every single These are the three lies every single FinOps teams tell themselves. FinOps teams tell themselves. FinOps teams tell themselves. And I know they're lies because we've And I know they're lies because we've And I know they're lies because we've told them, too. told them, too. told them, too. Lie number one, Lie number one, Lie number one, we have visibility. No, you don't. we have visibility. No, you don't. we have visibility. No, you don't. You have a dashboard. You have a dashboard. You have a dashboard. It doesn't tell the whole story, right? It doesn't tell the whole story, right? It doesn't tell the whole story, right? Lie Lie number two, we're optimizing. Lie Lie number two, we're optimizing. Lie Lie number two, we're optimizing. You're optimizing the bill, but are you You're optimizing the bill, but are you You're optimizing the bill, but are you really optimizing the business? really optimizing the business? really optimizing the business? And lie number three, And lie number three, And lie number three, AI is just another workload. AI is just another workload. AI is just another workload. This is a lie This is a lie This is a lie that's going to hurt us the most. that's going to hurt us the most. that's going to hurt us the most. Think about it. Think about it. Think about it. A VM generally costs A VM generally costs A VM generally costs the same if you send a good request or the same if you send a good request or the same if you send a good request or bad request to it. bad request to it. bad request to it. But a prompt A prompt, on the other But a prompt A prompt, on the other But a prompt A prompt, on the other hand, is going to cost whatever the hand, is going to cost whatever the hand, is going to cost whatever the model decides to generate. model decides to generate. model decides to generate. And as you chain agents together, your And as you chain agents together, your And as you chain agents together, your cost is going to compound in ways your cost is going to compound in ways your cost is going to compound in ways your dashboards are not going to be able to dashboards are not going to be able to dashboards are not going to be able to handle. handle. handle. So, what do we do about it? What do we So, what do we do about it? What do we So, what do we do about it? What do we What do we do with the lies, right? At What do we do with the lies, right? At What do we do with the lies, right? At Prudential, we actually thought about it Prudential, we actually thought about it Prudential, we actually thought about it in a series of shifts in the in a series of shifts in the in a series of shifts in the organization. We shifted up. We shifted organization. We shifted up. We shifted organization. We shifted up. We shifted left, we shifted across. left, we shifted across. left, we shifted across. Really worked with our enterprise Really worked with our enterprise Really worked with our enterprise architecture teams to build controls. We architecture teams to build controls. We architecture teams to build controls. We even built our proprietary pricing even built our proprietary pricing even built our proprietary pricing calculator calculator calculator that predicts cost, optimizes TCOs that predicts cost, optimizes TCOs that predicts cost, optimizes TCOs before anything is deployed to before anything is deployed to before anything is deployed to production. production. production. Now, obviously, I did this 2 years ago. Now, obviously, I did this 2 years ago. Now, obviously, I did this 2 years ago. With agents now, With agents now, With agents now, I didn't have to build something of my I didn't have to build something of my I didn't have to build something of my own, but that's where we're at. Shift left, shift up Shift left, shift up Shift left, shift up actually works. actually works. actually works. It's real, It's real, It's real, but it's table stakes now. but it's table stakes now. but it's table stakes now. Shift wild is where the bet is. Shift wild is where the bet is. Shift wild is where the bet is. This is really using AI to govern AI. This is really using AI to govern AI. This is really using AI to govern AI. And companies are really grappling with And companies are really grappling with And companies are really grappling with what I call decisions and emotions right what I call decisions and emotions right what I call decisions and emotions right now. now. now. Decisions like should I be an AI-first Decisions like should I be an AI-first Decisions like should I be an AI-first company? company? company? And if so, what does that mean? And if so, what does that mean? And if so, what does that mean? What model should I use? Should I go 1P What model should I use? Should I go 1P What model should I use? Should I go 1P 3P? 3P? 3P? Should I do build or buy? Should I do build or buy? Should I do build or buy? And then there are all these emotions, And then there are all these emotions, And then there are all these emotions, right? There's excitement, right? There's excitement, right? There's excitement, there's nervousness, there's nervousness, there's nervousness, and then there's and then there's and then there's FOMO. At Prudential, we are trying to balance At Prudential, we are trying to balance At Prudential, we are trying to balance risk, cost, and speed at the same time. risk, cost, and speed at the same time. risk, cost, and speed at the same time. Risk and cost move for us. We are a Risk and cost move for us. We are a Risk and cost move for us. We are a regulated company, so there's a lot of regulated company, so there's a lot of regulated company, so there's a lot of uh decisions that we need to make in uh decisions that we need to make in uh decisions that we need to make in terms of how fast we can adopt AI. So, terms of how fast we can adopt AI. So, terms of how fast we can adopt AI. So, we may be a little bit behind than SAP we may be a little bit behind than SAP we may be a little bit behind than SAP and others where they're already making and others where they're already making and others where they're already making a comment about autonomous enterprises. a comment about autonomous enterprises. a comment about autonomous enterprises. Uh Uh Uh great to meet with them and to learn great to meet with them and to learn great to meet with them and to learn where they're going. where they're going. where they're going. So, what I want to leave on this slide So, what I want to leave on this slide So, what I want to leave on this slide is um is um is um you know, cost is a boardroom topic in you know, cost is a boardroom topic in you know, cost is a boardroom topic in every organization. every organization. every organization. And FinOps teams and FinOps is becoming And FinOps teams and FinOps is becoming And FinOps teams and FinOps is becoming a true strategic imperative a true strategic imperative a true strategic imperative in the age of AI. Not just a cost center in the age of AI. Not just a cost center in the age of AI. Not just a cost center anymore, not just a reporting function, anymore, not just a reporting function, anymore, not just a reporting function, but a true but a true but a true strategic imperative. strategic imperative. strategic imperative. Now, let's talk about what's happening Now, let's talk about what's happening Now, let's talk about what's happening in the world of AI. in the world of AI. in the world of AI. And what does this mean for the FinOps And what does this mean for the FinOps And what does this mean for the FinOps teams? I want you guys to take this slide back I want you guys to take this slide back I want you guys to take this slide back to your CFOs. Look at what happens above the Look at what happens above the Look at what happens above the waterline. waterline. waterline. This is what your finance team see This is what your finance team see This is what your finance team see today, right? today, right? today, right? You have the API invoice, you have the You have the API invoice, you have the You have the API invoice, you have the token usage report. token usage report. token usage report. It's a line item. It works. It's easy. It's a line item. It works. It's easy. It's a line item. It works. It's easy. Finance can process it. Finance can process it. Finance can process it. Now, look at everything below the Now, look at everything below the Now, look at everything below the waterline. waterline. waterline. This is what finance will discover every This is what finance will discover every This is what finance will discover every month, every quarter as your AI agenda month, every quarter as your AI agenda month, every quarter as your AI agenda scales in the organization. scales in the organization. scales in the organization. And I'll give you a few examples. And I'll give you a few examples. And I'll give you a few examples. Retry storms. Retry storms. Retry storms. Every single time a model fails Every single time a model fails Every single time a model fails and retries, and retries, and retries, it costs you the organization. it costs you the organization. it costs you the organization. Agent chains. Agent chains. Agent chains. One user prompt triggers 5, 10, 15, 20 One user prompt triggers 5, 10, 15, 20 One user prompt triggers 5, 10, 15, 20 model calls under the hood, model calls under the hood, model calls under the hood, which you don't even see, costs you the which you don't even see, costs you the which you don't even see, costs you the organization. organization. organization. And then there's model sprawls. And then there's model sprawls. And then there's model sprawls. Every single team spinning up various Every single team spinning up various Every single team spinning up various models without centralized governance. models without centralized governance. models without centralized governance. Do any of you know all the models Do any of you know all the models Do any of you know all the models running in your organization? running in your organization? running in your organization? I sure don't. I sure don't. I sure don't. And the last one, one of my favorites And the last one, one of my favorites And the last one, one of my favorites actually, is GPU reservations just in actually, is GPU reservations just in actually, is GPU reservations just in case. case. case. This is the classic AI equivalent of an This is the classic AI equivalent of an This is the classic AI equivalent of an idle VM. idle VM. idle VM. These are costs that we don't see today, These are costs that we don't see today, These are costs that we don't see today, right? right? right? And these are costs that are unknown and And these are costs that are unknown and And these are costs that are unknown and variable. variable. variable. And for me, And for me, And for me, this is the true shift wild that is yet this is the true shift wild that is yet this is the true shift wild that is yet to be uncovered. to be uncovered. to be uncovered. So, if you believe that the iceberg is So, if you believe that the iceberg is So, if you believe that the iceberg is just the tip, just the tip, just the tip, this is where organizations get this is where organizations get this is where organizations get blindsided and their budgets blindsided and their budgets blindsided and their budgets go out of control, right? The questions that I'm getting and the The questions that I'm getting and the The questions that I'm getting and the executives are asking me these these executives are asking me these these executives are asking me these these days are not about days are not about days are not about how much are we spending on cloud, AI, how much are we spending on cloud, AI, how much are we spending on cloud, AI, or other things. That's not the question or other things. That's not the question or other things. That's not the question anymore. It's what does one business anymore. It's what does one business anymore. It's what does one business outcome cost end to end outcome cost end to end outcome cost end to end and what is the cost of doing it and what is the cost of doing it and what is the cost of doing it responsibly? And that's where we are responsibly? And that's where we are responsibly? And that's where we are shifting. shifting. shifting. Now, let me bring this back home to all Now, let me bring this back home to all Now, let me bring this back home to all of us. of us. of us. Um Um Um What does this mean for you, your What does this mean for you, your What does this mean for you, your personal careers, personal careers, personal careers, and for your teams? If you see your spend If you see If you see your spend If you see If you see your spend If you see yourself spending a ton of time on yourself spending a ton of time on yourself spending a ton of time on building dashboards and doing tagging building dashboards and doing tagging building dashboards and doing tagging compliance and chat back crap, compliance and chat back crap, compliance and chat back crap, you should be worried. you should be worried. you should be worried. Because these are things that are easily Because these are things that are easily Because these are things that are easily automated. And agents can do it much automated. And agents can do it much automated. And agents can do it much faster and cheaper. faster and cheaper. faster and cheaper. Now, if you want to be indispensable in Now, if you want to be indispensable in Now, if you want to be indispensable in the age of AI, the age of AI, the age of AI, lean into value creation. Lean into lean into value creation. Lean into lean into value creation. Lean into token economics, right? JR talked a lot token economics, right? JR talked a lot token economics, right? JR talked a lot about that. That's where the foundation about that. That's where the foundation about that. That's where the foundation is going, and I'm really hoping to get is going, and I'm really hoping to get is going, and I'm really hoping to get some tips on token frugality or even some tips on token frugality or even some tips on token frugality or even tips on like lean prompting, right? Um tips on like lean prompting, right? Um tips on like lean prompting, right? Um we'll get there. I'm very hopeful and we'll get there. I'm very hopeful and we'll get there. I'm very hopeful and very excited. very excited. very excited. So, lean into all of these things. So, lean into all of these things. So, lean into all of these things. And the question for me is not And the question for me is not And the question for me is not whether FinOps will survive. whether FinOps will survive. whether FinOps will survive. It's whether you will evolve with it. It's whether you will evolve with it. It's whether you will evolve with it. So, as you leave this room, So, as you leave this room, So, as you leave this room, I'm not going to ask you to take all the I'm not going to ask you to take all the I'm not going to ask you to take all the frameworks, the content, the pictures frameworks, the content, the pictures frameworks, the content, the pictures back with you. I'm going to ask you for back with you. I'm going to ask you for back with you. I'm going to ask you for something harder. something harder. something harder. Stay open. Stay open. Stay open. Stay open because Stay open because Stay open because the only competitive edge the only competitive edge the only competitive edge that no vendor can sell you that no vendor can sell you that no vendor can sell you and no competitor can give you is your and no competitor can give you is your and no competitor can give you is your willingness to keep learning. willingness to keep learning. willingness to keep learning. Cuz the best education you can give Cuz the best education you can give Cuz the best education you can give yourself is an open and curious mind. yourself is an open and curious mind. yourself is an open and curious mind. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Stay open. What a great line. &gt;&gt; Stay open. What a great line. &gt;&gt; Stay open. What a great line. So, bringing you back to the tech value So, bringing you back to the tech value So, bringing you back to the tech value umbrella, I want to talk about a couple umbrella, I want to talk about a couple umbrella, I want to talk about a couple parts of this umbrella uh as part of parts of this umbrella uh as part of parts of this umbrella uh as part of this. this. this. First one is the TAC, which stands for First one is the TAC, which stands for First one is the TAC, which stands for the Technical Advisory Council, and this the Technical Advisory Council, and this the Technical Advisory Council, and this is what they work on. This is the FinOps is what they work on. This is the FinOps is what they work on. This is the FinOps framework 2026 that launched back in framework 2026 that launched back in framework 2026 that launched back in March. Many of you have seen this. This March. Many of you have seen this. This March. Many of you have seen this. This year brought technology categories as a year brought technology categories as a year brought technology categories as a distinct thing, the different types of distinct thing, the different types of distinct thing, the different types of spend to which FinOps is applied. It spend to which FinOps is applied. It spend to which FinOps is applied. It brought enhanced scopes, the way that brought enhanced scopes, the way that brought enhanced scopes, the way that you apply the practice to that spend. It you apply the practice to that spend. It you apply the practice to that spend. It brought executive strategy alignment and brought executive strategy alignment and brought executive strategy alignment and other refinements to this expanding other refinements to this expanding other refinements to this expanding world. The Technical Advisory Council world. The Technical Advisory Council world. The Technical Advisory Council met yesterday here, as all of our groups met yesterday here, as all of our groups met yesterday here, as all of our groups do, to get work underway for the do, to get work underway for the do, to get work underway for the Framework 2027. So, if you see these Framework 2027. So, if you see these Framework 2027. So, if you see these people, please find them, thank them for people, please find them, thank them for people, please find them, thank them for their work, and give them your ideas for their work, and give them your ideas for their work, and give them your ideas for Framework 2027. Framework 2027. Framework 2027. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; I also want to highlight it's election &gt;&gt; I also want to highlight it's election &gt;&gt; I also want to highlight it's election season for the TAC. We have six TAC season for the TAC. We have six TAC season for the TAC. We have six TAC members who are at their term limits or members who are at their term limits or members who are at their term limits or have seats turning over. There's going have seats turning over. There's going have seats turning over. There's going to be a lot of change. So, if you're to be a lot of change. So, if you're to be a lot of change. So, if you're interested in getting involved with the interested in getting involved with the interested in getting involved with the growing and evolving FinOps framework, growing and evolving FinOps framework, growing and evolving FinOps framework, come find a staff member and talk about come find a staff member and talk about come find a staff member and talk about that. I'm also very, very excited, that. I'm also very, very excited, that. I'm also very, very excited, probably my favorite announcement today, probably my favorite announcement today, probably my favorite announcement today, to announce that the Linux Foundation, to announce that the Linux Foundation, to announce that the Linux Foundation, uh, just a few days ago, hired Tammy uh, just a few days ago, hired Tammy uh, just a few days ago, hired Tammy Burnett to join the FinOps Foundation Burnett to join the FinOps Foundation Burnett to join the FinOps Foundation team. team. team. Give a welcome to Tammy, please. Give a welcome to Tammy, please. Give a welcome to Tammy, please. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Not only is Tammy amazing, she was a &gt;&gt; Not only is Tammy amazing, she was a &gt;&gt; Not only is Tammy amazing, she was a practitioner at Shell for years, she's a practitioner at Shell for years, she's a practitioner at Shell for years, she's a practitioner right now at UiPath, she's practitioner right now at UiPath, she's practitioner right now at UiPath, she's been in our FinOps working groups, been in our FinOps working groups, been in our FinOps working groups, but she's also going to be but she's also going to be but she's also going to be joining the FinOps Foundation team joining the FinOps Foundation team joining the FinOps Foundation team specifically to keep growing and specifically to keep growing and specifically to keep growing and building the work of FinOps working and building the work of FinOps working and building the work of FinOps working and leading those working groups and leading leading those working groups and leading leading those working groups and leading that evangelism and outputs. that evangelism and outputs. that evangelism and outputs. So, the next thing I want to highlight So, the next thing I want to highlight So, the next thing I want to highlight is the FOCUS specification. A lot of you is the FOCUS specification. A lot of you is the FOCUS specification. A lot of you are familiar with this, have seen it on are familiar with this, have seen it on are familiar with this, have seen it on this stage over the years. FOCUS is the this stage over the years. FOCUS is the this stage over the years. FOCUS is the normalizing language, the billing normalizing language, the billing normalizing language, the billing language, cost, usage, and other types language, cost, usage, and other types language, cost, usage, and other types of spend across lots of different types of spend across lots of different types of spend across lots of different types of categories to make it easier for you of categories to make it easier for you of categories to make it easier for you to align, normalize, and ultimately get to align, normalize, and ultimately get to align, normalize, and ultimately get to value outcomes. to value outcomes. to value outcomes. You saw on this stage years ago us You saw on this stage years ago us You saw on this stage years ago us announce each versions of these, uh, and announce each versions of these, uh, and announce each versions of these, uh, and there's some interesting things there's some interesting things there's some interesting things happening with FOCUS right now. We're happening with FOCUS right now. We're happening with FOCUS right now. We're seeing a great adoption and pick up of seeing a great adoption and pick up of seeing a great adoption and pick up of additional types of companies who are additional types of companies who are additional types of companies who are now putting data out in the FOCUS now putting data out in the FOCUS now putting data out in the FOCUS specification. In addition to specification. In addition to specification. In addition to hyperscalers, we've got neo clouds, hyperscalers, we've got neo clouds, hyperscalers, we've got neo clouds, regional clouds, data clouds, a whole regional clouds, data clouds, a whole regional clouds, data clouds, a whole mix of these, and we're hearing from a mix of these, and we're hearing from a mix of these, and we're hearing from a lot of you who are taking FOCUS concepts lot of you who are taking FOCUS concepts lot of you who are taking FOCUS concepts and just putting them into their and just putting them into their and just putting them into their internal systems. They're taking focus internal systems. They're taking focus internal systems. They're taking focus specification and you're outputting specification and you're outputting specification and you're outputting other things like your data center data other things like your data center data other things like your data center data into the focus specification. into the focus specification. into the focus specification. But one problem we've been hearing from But one problem we've been hearing from But one problem we've been hearing from you, literally since we added additional you, literally since we added additional you, literally since we added additional versions, was that there's a lot of versions, was that there's a lot of versions, was that there's a lot of versions of focus and the billing versions of focus and the billing versions of focus and the billing generators, generators, generators, thank you for all your effort, are also thank you for all your effort, are also thank you for all your effort, are also on different versions of focus. So we've on different versions of focus. So we've on different versions of focus. So we've seen a lot of inconsistency and how it's seen a lot of inconsistency and how it's seen a lot of inconsistency and how it's applied and we want to help provide some applied and we want to help provide some applied and we want to help provide some guidance for the industry and for all of guidance for the industry and for all of guidance for the industry and for all of you for how to get better clarity, you for how to get better clarity, you for how to get better clarity, understanding and trust in the focus understanding and trust in the focus understanding and trust in the focus data from your providers. So, excited to data from your providers. So, excited to data from your providers. So, excited to announce we are launching or have announce we are launching or have announce we are launching or have launched a FinOps certified focus launched a FinOps certified focus launched a FinOps certified focus generator, generator, generator, which is the FinOps Foundation's which is the FinOps Foundation's which is the FinOps Foundation's governing board and our staff reviewing governing board and our staff reviewing governing board and our staff reviewing and auditing the outputs from a billing and auditing the outputs from a billing and auditing the outputs from a billing generator to ensure they align to a generator to ensure they align to a generator to ensure they align to a certain bar certain bar certain bar of specification standards. of specification standards. of specification standards. There are two I'm about to announce who There are two I'm about to announce who There are two I'm about to announce who have hit this bar. have hit this bar. have hit this bar. First of all, please give a round of First of all, please give a round of First of all, please give a round of applause to the first one, applause to the first one, applause to the first one, AWS. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; And the second one, it might actually be &gt;&gt; And the second one, it might actually be &gt;&gt; And the second one, it might actually be a surprise, but I actually love where a surprise, but I actually love where a surprise, but I actually love where focus is going. The second one is focus is going. The second one is focus is going. The second one is actually a Neocloud. actually a Neocloud. actually a Neocloud. Please give a little shout for Nebius. Please give a little shout for Nebius. Please give a little shout for Nebius. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; This doesn't mean that all the other &gt;&gt; This doesn't mean that all the other &gt;&gt; This doesn't mean that all the other providers aren't putting out great data. providers aren't putting out great data. providers aren't putting out great data. It just means they haven't yet It just means they haven't yet It just means they haven't yet certified. So if data from your certified. So if data from your certified. So if data from your providers is important to ask for you, providers is important to ask for you, providers is important to ask for you, ask them to come get FinOps certified so ask them to come get FinOps certified so ask them to come get FinOps certified so we can give them this badge and ensure we can give them this badge and ensure we can give them this badge and ensure the data is there. And then also of the data is there. And then also of the data is there. And then also of course, the reason providers advance to course, the reason providers advance to course, the reason providers advance to newer versions is because you as newer versions is because you as newer versions is because you as customers ask them to do so. So help customers ask them to do so. So help customers ask them to do so. So help make that case easier for them make that case easier for them make that case easier for them internally. The focus specification uh has a new The focus specification uh has a new The focus specification uh has a new announcement as well. We've taken announcement as well. We've taken announcement as well. We've taken MCP, which the Linux Foundation now MCP, which the Linux Foundation now MCP, which the Linux Foundation now hosts the code for, and we built an MCP hosts the code for, and we built an MCP hosts the code for, and we built an MCP for focus. So what does this mean? It for focus. So what does this mean? It for focus. So what does this mean? It means that as the FOCUS specification means that as the FOCUS specification means that as the FOCUS specification changes and evolves, you can use the MCP changes and evolves, you can use the MCP changes and evolves, you can use the MCP to pull the latest and greatest into to pull the latest and greatest into to pull the latest and greatest into whatever model you're using and whatever model you're using and whatever model you're using and interrogate it rather than constant interrogate it rather than constant interrogate it rather than constant re-importing from the website. Small re-importing from the website. Small re-importing from the website. Small thing, but useful as things happen. So, thing, but useful as things happen. So, thing, but useful as things happen. So, if you want to check this out, hit this if you want to check this out, hit this if you want to check this out, hit this QR code, going to leave it for just a QR code, going to leave it for just a QR code, going to leave it for just a second, and go try the FOCUS MCP. You second, and go try the FOCUS MCP. You second, and go try the FOCUS MCP. You can also just go to focus.finops.org. can also just go to focus.finops.org. can also just go to focus.finops.org. [snorts] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Okay, so token allocations. &gt;&gt; Okay, so token allocations. &gt;&gt; Okay, so token allocations. We've heard a lot about big token We've heard a lot about big token We've heard a lot about big token numbers. numbers. numbers. Token allocations are going to drive Token allocations are going to drive Token allocations are going to drive massive, I mean like truly, truly massive, I mean like truly, truly massive, I mean like truly, truly massive data volumes as they expand. massive data volumes as they expand. massive data volumes as they expand. If cloud costs are a hundreds of If cloud costs are a hundreds of If cloud costs are a hundreds of millions of rows issue, token allocation millions of rows issue, token allocation millions of rows issue, token allocation is a trillions or more issue. is a trillions or more issue. is a trillions or more issue. Especially when you want to start Especially when you want to start Especially when you want to start splitting that out per user or per splitting that out per user or per splitting that out per user or per session or session or session or per trace even, which could increase per trace even, which could increase per trace even, which could increase data volumes by as much as a hundred data volumes by as much as a hundred data volumes by as much as a hundred thousand X on top of token themselves. thousand X on top of token themselves. thousand X on top of token themselves. So, this actually gets into a new whole So, this actually gets into a new whole So, this actually gets into a new whole new set of challenges. We're talking new set of challenges. We're talking new set of challenges. We're talking about telemetry. We're talking about about telemetry. We're talking about about telemetry. We're talking about observability. This goes beyond just observability. This goes beyond just observability. This goes beyond just billing data. billing data. billing data. So, we're going to see a lot of So, we're going to see a lot of So, we're going to see a lot of intersections and I think the FOCUS intersections and I think the FOCUS intersections and I think the FOCUS steering committee, which also met here steering committee, which also met here steering committee, which also met here yesterday downstairs with the yesterday downstairs with the yesterday downstairs with the maintainers maintainers maintainers uh and contributors are looking at how uh and contributors are looking at how uh and contributors are looking at how do we solve this problem in the future. do we solve this problem in the future. do we solve this problem in the future. So, tomorrow on this stage, I want you So, tomorrow on this stage, I want you So, tomorrow on this stage, I want you to come back and hear Sean Alpe, who's to come back and hear Sean Alpe, who's to come back and hear Sean Alpe, who's the director of data engineering here at the director of data engineering here at the director of data engineering here at Linux Foundation and working group Linux Foundation and working group Linux Foundation and working group chair, do a deep dive into the FOCUS 1.4 chair, do a deep dive into the FOCUS 1.4 chair, do a deep dive into the FOCUS 1.4 release, which is landing. He's also release, which is landing. He's also release, which is landing. He's also going to dig a bit into where FOCUS going to dig a bit into where FOCUS going to dig a bit into where FOCUS is likely going to go in 1.5, 1.6, and is likely going to go in 1.5, 1.6, and is likely going to go in 1.5, 1.6, and beyond as we start to dig in around the beyond as we start to dig in around the beyond as we start to dig in around the token problem. token problem. token problem. Next up, I want to welcome uh a very uh Next up, I want to welcome uh a very uh Next up, I want to welcome uh a very uh great member of the FinOps Foundation great member of the FinOps Foundation great member of the FinOps Foundation community, sits on the FinOps Foundation community, sits on the FinOps Foundation community, sits on the FinOps Foundation governing board, has a member on the TAC governing board, has a member on the TAC governing board, has a member on the TAC and the steering committee. Please and the steering committee. Please and the steering committee. Please welcome to the stage Bradford Lyman from welcome to the stage Bradford Lyman from welcome to the stage Bradford Lyman from AWS. &gt;&gt; Thanks, JR. &gt;&gt; Thanks, JR. &gt;&gt; Thanks, JR. And thanks, FinOps X. And thanks, FinOps X. And thanks, FinOps X. I'm here to talk about how AWS is making I'm here to talk about how AWS is making I'm here to talk about how AWS is making FinOps autonomous, intelligent, and FinOps autonomous, intelligent, and FinOps autonomous, intelligent, and agent-first. agent-first. agent-first. Now, Now, Now, I still remember my first FinOps X 3 I still remember my first FinOps X 3 I still remember my first FinOps X 3 years ago. I was waiting online for years ago. I was waiting online for years ago. I was waiting online for refreshments, refreshments, refreshments, talking about savings plans, as you do, talking about savings plans, as you do, talking about savings plans, as you do, when the person in front of me turned when the person in front of me turned when the person in front of me turned around, saw I was from AWS, and around, saw I was from AWS, and around, saw I was from AWS, and immediately launched into feedback about immediately launched into feedback about immediately launched into feedback about how we could improve the experience. how we could improve the experience. how we could improve the experience. Now, I've been to a lot of tech Now, I've been to a lot of tech Now, I've been to a lot of tech conferences in my time at Amazon. And conferences in my time at Amazon. And conferences in my time at Amazon. And this was the most authentic and engaging this was the most authentic and engaging this was the most authentic and engaging piece of customer feedback I had ever piece of customer feedback I had ever piece of customer feedback I had ever received. And I knew then that this was received. And I knew then that this was received. And I knew then that this was the place that we had to come back to the place that we had to come back to the place that we had to come back to because the community here had feedback because the community here had feedback because the community here had feedback for us that helped us make our products for us that helped us make our products for us that helped us make our products better for every single customer of AWS. better for every single customer of AWS. better for every single customer of AWS. So, this year, as our third year here, So, this year, as our third year here, So, this year, as our third year here, we have three times the number of we have three times the number of we have three times the number of launches to talk about, three times the launches to talk about, three times the launches to talk about, three times the number of AWS employees at the number of AWS employees at the number of AWS employees at the conference, and we have three times the conference, and we have three times the conference, and we have three times the capacity at our welcome party last capacity at our welcome party last capacity at our welcome party last night. So, three times as many of you night. So, three times as many of you night. So, three times as many of you could have the same kind of authentic could have the same kind of authentic could have the same kind of authentic customer engagement that I had my first customer engagement that I had my first customer engagement that I had my first time at FinOps X. time at FinOps X. time at FinOps X. So, So, So, we've seen that FinOps has gone from we've seen that FinOps has gone from we've seen that FinOps has gone from something that companies that do it well something that companies that do it well something that companies that do it well can really differentiate themselves to can really differentiate themselves to can really differentiate themselves to table stakes for every single part of table stakes for every single part of table stakes for every single part of this organization. this organization. this organization. So, now that FinOps is table stakes, how So, now that FinOps is table stakes, how So, now that FinOps is table stakes, how do you differentiate yourself? do you differentiate yourself? do you differentiate yourself? We're introducing the AWS State of Cost We're introducing the AWS State of Cost We're introducing the AWS State of Cost Efficiency Report. Last year, we Efficiency Report. Last year, we Efficiency Report. Last year, we released the AWS Cost Efficiency Metric, released the AWS Cost Efficiency Metric, released the AWS Cost Efficiency Metric, which looks at the percentage of your which looks at the percentage of your which looks at the percentage of your spend optimized with idle resource spend optimized with idle resource spend optimized with idle resource cleanup, uh with right-sizing, and with cleanup, uh with right-sizing, and with cleanup, uh with right-sizing, and with commitments like savings plans and RIs. commitments like savings plans and RIs. commitments like savings plans and RIs. This gives you a composite score that This gives you a composite score that This gives you a composite score that lets you compare different parts of your lets you compare different parts of your lets you compare different parts of your organization. organization. organization. It's great for looking about your It's great for looking about your It's great for looking about your organization, but everybody always says, organization, but everybody always says, organization, but everybody always says, "But Brad, how am I doing against "But Brad, how am I doing against "But Brad, how am I doing against everybody else?" everybody else?" everybody else?" The report goes into great detail of The report goes into great detail of The report goes into great detail of best practices and how it can improve best practices and how it can improve best practices and how it can improve your score, but your score, but your score, but and it's worth a read, but I think what and it's worth a read, but I think what and it's worth a read, but I think what everybody wants to know is just show me everybody wants to know is just show me everybody wants to know is just show me the numbers so I know how I'm doing the numbers so I know how I'm doing the numbers so I know how I'm doing against everybody else. against everybody else. against everybody else. 83 out of 100 is the average score or 83 out of 100 is the average score or 83 out of 100 is the average score or the median score for an AWS customer the median score for an AWS customer the median score for an AWS customer using our median using our cost using our median using our cost using our median using our cost efficiency metric. efficiency metric. efficiency metric. Now, we think this is super helpful for Now, we think this is super helpful for Now, we think this is super helpful for every single person, whether you're every single person, whether you're every single person, whether you're starting on FinOps or you're well on starting on FinOps or you're well on starting on FinOps or you're well on your way to automating everything your way to automating everything your way to automating everything agentically. agentically. agentically. For those of you starting out, this lets For those of you starting out, this lets For those of you starting out, this lets you know that you can do something great you know that you can do something great you know that you can do something great and you can get the investments and and you can get the investments and and you can get the investments and buy-in from your organization to make buy-in from your organization to make buy-in from your organization to make sure you can achieve the results that sure you can achieve the results that sure you can achieve the results that are possible. And for those of you doing are possible. And for those of you doing are possible. And for those of you doing great work already, it's something where great work already, it's something where great work already, it's something where you can take this back and show the you can take this back and show the you can take this back and show the great work you've done and receive the great work you've done and receive the great work you've done and receive the kudos that you need and that you kudos that you need and that you kudos that you need and that you deserve. deserve. deserve. So, I talked about three times the So, I talked about three times the So, I talked about three times the number of launches from us. I think it's number of launches from us. I think it's number of launches from us. I think it's helpful to organize that around the AWS helpful to organize that around the AWS helpful to organize that around the AWS vision for FinOps. First, we think vision for FinOps. First, we think vision for FinOps. First, we think optimization should be easy to implement optimization should be easy to implement optimization should be easy to implement and save at scale. and save at scale. and save at scale. Next, we think that every dollar should Next, we think that every dollar should Next, we think that every dollar should be visible, optimized, and aligned with be visible, optimized, and aligned with be visible, optimized, and aligned with your business value. your business value. your business value. And finally, we think FinOps should be And finally, we think FinOps should be And finally, we think FinOps should be effortless, intelligent, and autonomous. effortless, intelligent, and autonomous. effortless, intelligent, and autonomous. So, first let's talk about what we're So, first let's talk about what we're So, first let's talk about what we're doing to make it easy to implement and doing to make it easy to implement and doing to make it easy to implement and save at scale. save at scale. save at scale. Three launches I want to highlight that Three launches I want to highlight that Three launches I want to highlight that we recently pushed out. First, target we recently pushed out. First, target we recently pushed out. First, target coverage for savings plans. We know you coverage for savings plans. We know you coverage for savings plans. We know you use savings plan purchase analyzer use savings plan purchase analyzer use savings plan purchase analyzer before you make major commitments, but before you make major commitments, but before you make major commitments, but we also know that you take that we also know that you take that we also know that you take that information and adjust it based on the information and adjust it based on the information and adjust it based on the rules that you have and within your rules that you have and within your rules that you have and within your company. We now let you take that target company. We now let you take that target company. We now let you take that target coverage that you have, build it coverage that you have, build it coverage that you have, build it directly into our console so that you directly into our console so that you directly into our console so that you can get recommendations immediately that can get recommendations immediately that can get recommendations immediately that you can use and put into practice. This you can use and put into practice. This you can use and put into practice. This lets you go from analysis to lets you go from analysis to lets you go from analysis to optimization faster than ever before. optimization faster than ever before. optimization faster than ever before. Next, we're adding automatic cost and Next, we're adding automatic cost and Next, we're adding automatic cost and forecast explanations. Everywhere with forecast explanations. Everywhere with forecast explanations. Everywhere with our consoles, you're able to push a our consoles, you're able to push a our consoles, you're able to push a button and see any kind of unexpected button and see any kind of unexpected button and see any kind of unexpected cost, an immediate root cause cost, an immediate root cause cost, an immediate root cause investigation and analysis. We think for investigation and analysis. We think for investigation and analysis. We think for most things, this gets you what you need most things, this gets you what you need most things, this gets you what you need to move on with your day. to move on with your day. to move on with your day. For those that you need to go deeper, it For those that you need to go deeper, it For those that you need to go deeper, it kick-starts that investigation in a way kick-starts that investigation in a way kick-starts that investigation in a way that's faster than ever before. that's faster than ever before. that's faster than ever before. Last, we're talking about additional Last, we're talking about additional Last, we're talking about additional idle resource recommendations. We idle resource recommendations. We idle resource recommendations. We actually doubled the number of idle actually doubled the number of idle actually doubled the number of idle resource recommendations offered by AWS resource recommendations offered by AWS resource recommendations offered by AWS so you can find more resources to clean so you can find more resources to clean so you can find more resources to clean up to safely lower your costs, whether up to safely lower your costs, whether up to safely lower your costs, whether it's you or agents you run. it's you or agents you run. it's you or agents you run. Next, let's talk about how we're making Next, let's talk about how we're making Next, let's talk about how we're making sure every dollar is visible, optimized, sure every dollar is visible, optimized, sure every dollar is visible, optimized, and aligned. Again, three launches that we have here. Again, three launches that we have here. Again, three launches that we have here. Maybe the most important and impactful Maybe the most important and impactful Maybe the most important and impactful here is our recent launch of granular here is our recent launch of granular here is our recent launch of granular cost attribution for Amazon Bedrock. cost attribution for Amazon Bedrock. cost attribution for Amazon Bedrock. Now, whether it's an application, an Now, whether it's an application, an Now, whether it's an application, an agent, or even a human being calling agent, or even a human being calling agent, or even a human being calling Amazon Bedrock, you can see what model Amazon Bedrock, you can see what model Amazon Bedrock, you can see what model they called and the cost they had for they called and the cost they had for they called and the cost they had for that session. that session. that session. This is the foundation for tokenomics This is the foundation for tokenomics This is the foundation for tokenomics and allows you to understand who's and allows you to understand who's and allows you to understand who's actually driving the costs so that you actually driving the costs so that you actually driving the costs so that you can build up the entire picture of that can build up the entire picture of that can build up the entire picture of that cost that we've talked about a lot today cost that we've talked about a lot today cost that we've talked about a lot today with tokenomics. with tokenomics. with tokenomics. Next, we have credit level sharing. We Next, we have credit level sharing. We Next, we have credit level sharing. We know that credits are a huge part of how know that credits are a huge part of how know that credits are a huge part of how you get value and uh realize the ROI of you get value and uh realize the ROI of you get value and uh realize the ROI of building on AWS. Credit level sharing building on AWS. Credit level sharing building on AWS. Credit level sharing lets you set granular controls as to lets you set granular controls as to lets you set granular controls as to which workloads and accounts actually which workloads and accounts actually which workloads and accounts actually get the benefits from those credits. get the benefits from those credits. get the benefits from those credits. Um we're also going further with credits Um we're also going further with credits Um we're also going further with credits with improved credit transparency. with improved credit transparency. with improved credit transparency. Credits now have a detail page on the Credits now have a detail page on the Credits now have a detail page on the AWS console so you can see every single AWS console so you can see every single AWS console so you can see every single credit you've earned, how much of that credit you've earned, how much of that credit you've earned, how much of that credit is remaining, and what workloads credit is remaining, and what workloads credit is remaining, and what workloads that was applied to. that was applied to. that was applied to. This gives you greater Thank you. This This gives you greater Thank you. This This gives you greater Thank you. This gives you greater visibility into gives you greater visibility into gives you greater visibility into credits than you've ever had, credits than you've ever had, credits than you've ever had, simplifies your work simplifies your work simplifies your work in an incredible way. in an incredible way. in an incredible way. So, So, So, last, I want to talk about how we're last, I want to talk about how we're last, I want to talk about how we're making it effortless, intelligent, and making it effortless, intelligent, and making it effortless, intelligent, and autonomous. autonomous. autonomous. Last year at FinOps X, we talked about Last year at FinOps X, we talked about Last year at FinOps X, we talked about the skills we were publishing and the the skills we were publishing and the the skills we were publishing and the MCP servers we were supporting so that MCP servers we were supporting so that MCP servers we were supporting so that you can go build your own agents to you can go build your own agents to you can go build your own agents to operate on AWS and optimize your bill. operate on AWS and optimize your bill. operate on AWS and optimize your bill. Now, Now, Now, customers have shown us some incredible customers have shown us some incredible customers have shown us some incredible agents that they've built using these agents that they've built using these agents that they've built using these skills, but many of you have actually skills, but many of you have actually skills, but many of you have actually asked us to go even further. asked us to go even further. asked us to go even further. So, today I'm excited that we're So, today I'm excited that we're So, today I'm excited that we're introducing the AWS FinOps agent, which introducing the AWS FinOps agent, which introducing the AWS FinOps agent, which is in public preview today, available is in public preview today, available is in public preview today, available for everyone on AWS to go to and get for everyone on AWS to go to and get for everyone on AWS to go to and get started with right now. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Thanks. The The AWS FinOps agent allows &gt;&gt; Thanks. The The AWS FinOps agent allows &gt;&gt; Thanks. The The AWS FinOps agent allows you to ask anything about your cloud you to ask anything about your cloud you to ask anything about your cloud spend, natural language cost inquiries, spend, natural language cost inquiries, spend, natural language cost inquiries, anomaly detection, and even produce anomaly detection, and even produce anomaly detection, and even produce custom reports. custom reports. custom reports. It services and distributes your savings It services and distributes your savings It services and distributes your savings automatically. It will find optimization automatically. It will find optimization automatically. It will find optimization opportunities, prioritize them based on opportunities, prioritize them based on opportunities, prioritize them based on the business impact, and even cut Jira the business impact, and even cut Jira the business impact, and even cut Jira tickets to the teams that need to take tickets to the teams that need to take tickets to the teams that need to take actions. And it'll let you act with actions. And it'll let you act with actions. And it'll let you act with confidence at scale. Whether you want to confidence at scale. Whether you want to confidence at scale. Whether you want to operate on a schedule you set, create operate on a schedule you set, create operate on a schedule you set, create your own approval workflows, or even your own approval workflows, or even your own approval workflows, or even trust the built-in guardrails we've put trust the built-in guardrails we've put trust the built-in guardrails we've put in place to support completely in place to support completely in place to support completely autonomous optimization, autonomous optimization, autonomous optimization, you can you have the total control of you can you have the total control of you can you have the total control of how you want to interact with our agent. how you want to interact with our agent. how you want to interact with our agent. Now, we've been testing the FinOps agent Now, we've been testing the FinOps agent Now, we've been testing the FinOps agent for months with our customers, and we've for months with our customers, and we've for months with our customers, and we've been thrilled with the feedback we've been thrilled with the feedback we've been thrilled with the feedback we've been receiving. been receiving. been receiving. Workday has been able to produce reports Workday has been able to produce reports Workday has been able to produce reports in minutes that used to take their teams in minutes that used to take their teams in minutes that used to take their teams hours, hours, hours, all with a natural language cost all with a natural language cost all with a natural language cost inquiry. inquiry. inquiry. Convera Convera Convera has been able to detect anomalies, has been able to detect anomalies, has been able to detect anomalies, investigate what changed and caused investigate what changed and caused investigate what changed and caused them, and cut Jira tickets immediately them, and cut Jira tickets immediately them, and cut Jira tickets immediately to the teams that needed to take action. to the teams that needed to take action. to the teams that needed to take action. And the Aviva Group put it simply as the And the Aviva Group put it simply as the And the Aviva Group put it simply as the leverage they need to be as effective as leverage they need to be as effective as leverage they need to be as effective as possible. possible. possible. Now, I've had to run through a lot of I've had to run through a lot of I've had to run through a lot of launches pretty quickly. launches pretty quickly. launches pretty quickly. Later today in this room, we have uh Later today in this room, we have uh Later today in this room, we have uh Lettian Fang and Rick Oaks, both members Lettian Fang and Rick Oaks, both members Lettian Fang and Rick Oaks, both members of the steering committee and the of the steering committee and the of the steering committee and the technical advisory council going deeper technical advisory council going deeper technical advisory council going deeper on how you can put these into practice on how you can put these into practice on how you can put these into practice within your own environment. within your own environment. within your own environment. Thank you so much for the time today to Thank you so much for the time today to Thank you so much for the time today to talk about how AWS is making the talk about how AWS is making the talk about how AWS is making the intelli- uh making FinOps intelligent, intelli- uh making FinOps intelligent, intelli- uh making FinOps intelligent, autonomous, and agent first. We're autonomous, and agent first. We're autonomous, and agent first. We're excited to build it together with you. excited to build it together with you. excited to build it together with you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; So, excited that that's working. &gt;&gt; So, excited that that's working. &gt;&gt; So, excited that that's working. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Brad. Very cool to see. So, &gt;&gt; Thank you, Brad. Very cool to see. So, &gt;&gt; Thank you, Brad. Very cool to see. So, at the heart of what the FinOps at the heart of what the FinOps at the heart of what the FinOps Foundation does is people and education Foundation does is people and education Foundation does is people and education and training. and training. and training. So, excited to announce that we've made So, excited to announce that we've made So, excited to announce that we've made some updates. Remember, this used to be some updates. Remember, this used to be some updates. Remember, this used to be FinOps for AI. Not only has the badge FinOps for AI. Not only has the badge FinOps for AI. Not only has the badge changed, but the content has as well. changed, but the content has as well. changed, but the content has as well. So, please go check out the new AI value So, please go check out the new AI value So, please go check out the new AI value certification. certification. certification. Also, excited to announce a net new Also, excited to announce a net new Also, excited to announce a net new certification, technology value. certification, technology value. certification, technology value. This certification builds on the FinOps This certification builds on the FinOps This certification builds on the FinOps framework 2026 to bring in more framework 2026 to bring in more framework 2026 to bring in more technology categories, more of a view of technology categories, more of a view of technology categories, more of a view of how to do scopes, data center, data how to do scopes, data center, data how to do scopes, data center, data cloud, SaaS, and of course, public cloud cloud, SaaS, and of course, public cloud cloud, SaaS, and of course, public cloud into a net new certification and a into a net new certification and a into a net new certification and a better way to apply your FinOps. better way to apply your FinOps. better way to apply your FinOps. We've also simplified the model and the We've also simplified the model and the We've also simplified the model and the path to become FinOps certified path to become FinOps certified path to become FinOps certified professional. You now take one of the professional. You now take one of the professional. You now take one of the fundamental courses, you take all of the fundamental courses, you take all of the fundamental courses, you take all of the intermediate courses, and there's a intermediate courses, and there's a intermediate courses, and there's a shorter, more simplified path to become shorter, more simplified path to become shorter, more simplified path to become a professional once you've done this. a professional once you've done this. a professional once you've done this. So, please go check this out. The model So, please go check this out. The model So, please go check this out. The model and pricing has changed. and pricing has changed. and pricing has changed. You can find all of these, of course, on You can find all of these, of course, on You can find all of these, of course, on learn.finops.org. Next, I want to welcome a speaker who's Next, I want to welcome a speaker who's Next, I want to welcome a speaker who's going to talk about this idea of the CEO going to talk about this idea of the CEO going to talk about this idea of the CEO and CFO squeezing the technology leaders and CFO squeezing the technology leaders and CFO squeezing the technology leaders in the middle between innovation speed in the middle between innovation speed in the middle between innovation speed and budget. But before we hear from and budget. But before we hear from and budget. But before we hear from Courtney at Shutterstock, please check Courtney at Shutterstock, please check Courtney at Shutterstock, please check out this video. out this video. out this video. &gt;&gt; Decades. &gt;&gt; Decades. &gt;&gt; Decades. &gt;&gt; What if your ideas could move as fast as &gt;&gt; What if your ideas could move as fast as &gt;&gt; What if your ideas could move as fast as you do? Meet Shutterstock's new AI video Meet Shutterstock's new AI video Meet Shutterstock's new AI video generator. Use the industry's top AI generator. Use the industry's top AI generator. Use the industry's top AI models. models. models. Turn a simple prompt into a polished Turn a simple prompt into a polished Turn a simple prompt into a polished video to create something entirely new. &gt;&gt; In 2003, Shutterstock's founder Jon &gt;&gt; In 2003, Shutterstock's founder Jon &gt;&gt; In 2003, Shutterstock's founder Jon Oringer set out on a mission Oringer set out on a mission Oringer set out on a mission to connect the world's photographers to connect the world's photographers to connect the world's photographers with a customer community with a customer community with a customer community to empower the world to tell their to empower the world to tell their to empower the world to tell their stories. stories. stories. Today, we've onboarded Today, we've onboarded Today, we've onboarded a bunch of other capabilities including a bunch of other capabilities including a bunch of other capabilities including video, video, video, music from Premium Beat, music from Premium Beat, music from Premium Beat, GIFs from Giphy, GIFs from Giphy, GIFs from Giphy, templates, templates, templates, as well as AI. You're hearing a lot as well as AI. You're hearing a lot as well as AI. You're hearing a lot about that today. We have generative AI about that today. We have generative AI about that today. We have generative AI tools. We're helping customers create tools. We're helping customers create tools. We're helping customers create content, whether it's an image or a content, whether it's an image or a content, whether it's an image or a video, video, video, and we also have metadata around our and we also have metadata around our and we also have metadata around our content content content that is empowering our customers to that is empowering our customers to that is empowering our customers to train their own AI models. To date, we have over 840 To date, we have over 840 To date, we have over 840 million pieces of content from over 4 million pieces of content from over 4 million pieces of content from over 4 million contributors, million contributors, million contributors, and our customers have downloaded 2.2 and our customers have downloaded 2.2 and our customers have downloaded 2.2 billion pieces of content billion pieces of content billion pieces of content in over 150 countries. in over 150 countries. in over 150 countries. All of this is super exciting, All of this is super exciting, All of this is super exciting, especially in the world of AI with especially in the world of AI with especially in the world of AI with generative tools generative tools generative tools and AI tools internally, and AI tools internally, and AI tools internally, but it's costly if you don't have but it's costly if you don't have but it's costly if you don't have controls. controls. controls. Understanding your AI costs is no longer Understanding your AI costs is no longer Understanding your AI costs is no longer optional. It is foundational to business optional. It is foundational to business optional. It is foundational to business strategy. strategy. strategy. My name's Courtney Taton. I'm the chief My name's Courtney Taton. I'm the chief My name's Courtney Taton. I'm the chief technology officer as well as the chief technology officer as well as the chief technology officer as well as the chief information security officer for information security officer for information security officer for Shutterstock. Shutterstock. Shutterstock. I'm responsible for internal technology, I'm responsible for internal technology, I'm responsible for internal technology, product technology, as well as cyber product technology, as well as cyber product technology, as well as cyber technology. technology. technology. Our FinOps leader, Becky Canterbury, Our FinOps leader, Becky Canterbury, Our FinOps leader, Becky Canterbury, reports directly into me. reports directly into me. reports directly into me. With access to her peers who run With access to her peers who run With access to her peers who run engineering and infrastructure and cyber engineering and infrastructure and cyber engineering and infrastructure and cyber so that we can have an accountability so that we can have an accountability so that we can have an accountability model. model. model. It's also really, really important that It's also really, really important that It's also really, really important that she has direct access to my peers, the she has direct access to my peers, the she has direct access to my peers, the CFO, the leaders of the business, CFO, the leaders of the business, CFO, the leaders of the business, as well as my boss, the CEO. as well as my boss, the CEO. as well as my boss, the CEO. It is really important that she can talk It is really important that she can talk It is really important that she can talk to them about what's going on in this to them about what's going on in this to them about what's going on in this space and that she has the sponsorship space and that she has the sponsorship space and that she has the sponsorship to do that. to do that. to do that. Now, in the world of AI, we've changed Now, in the world of AI, we've changed Now, in the world of AI, we've changed McCloud FinOps. We've changed name of McCloud FinOps. We've changed name of McCloud FinOps. We've changed name of the team. the team. the team. It's now AI and Cloud FinOps. So, a few months ago, So, a few months ago, So, a few months ago, I was in a room with my CEO and and some I was in a room with my CEO and and some I was in a room with my CEO and and some of the business leaders. They said, of the business leaders. They said, of the business leaders. They said, "Courtney, why don't we give our "Courtney, why don't we give our "Courtney, why don't we give our customers the best model every time? We customers the best model every time? We customers the best model every time? We want to have the best customer want to have the best customer want to have the best customer experience." experience." experience." Well, it's not that simple. Well, it's not that simple. Well, it's not that simple. AI models vary significantly AI models vary significantly AI models vary significantly in cost and capability. in cost and capability. in cost and capability. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. In this case, this is our generative In this case, this is our generative In this case, this is our generative tool. tool. tool. We have a customer who just wants a dog. We have a customer who just wants a dog. We have a customer who just wants a dog. It's very simple. They just said, "Give It's very simple. They just said, "Give It's very simple. They just said, "Give me a dog, any kind of dog." me a dog, any kind of dog." me a dog, any kind of dog." It's simple, we can use any model. We It's simple, we can use any model. We It's simple, we can use any model. We can use a low-cost and low-token model. Now, let me show you this one. This is a Now, let me show you this one. This is a Now, let me show you this one. This is a little more complicated. It's not only a little more complicated. It's not only a little more complicated. It's not only a dog, they want a golden retriever. dog, they want a golden retriever. dog, they want a golden retriever. That's a specific breed of a dog. That's a specific breed of a dog. That's a specific breed of a dog. They also want it in a kitchen with a They also want it in a kitchen with a They also want it in a kitchen with a family who's cook baking cookies at the family who's cook baking cookies at the family who's cook baking cookies at the New year. New year. New year. It's more complex. It's more complex. It's more complex. With a kitchen, you want to make sure With a kitchen, you want to make sure With a kitchen, you want to make sure that a generative model is not going to that a generative model is not going to that a generative model is not going to put a sink over an oven. That would make put a sink over an oven. That would make put a sink over an oven. That would make no sense. no sense. no sense. You also want to make sure that Happy You also want to make sure that Happy You also want to make sure that Happy New Year's is spelled correctly. New Year's is spelled correctly. New Year's is spelled correctly. So, the models are going to be So, the models are going to be So, the models are going to be different. You're going to need a more different. You're going to need a more different. You're going to need a more advanced model. advanced model. advanced model. More token use, higher cost. So, what I realized is we we've got a So, what I realized is we we've got a So, what I realized is we we've got a challenge. We've got a lot of our our challenge. We've got a lot of our our challenge. We've got a lot of our our community who are asking for more community who are asking for more community who are asking for more models. I want more tools. You know, the models. I want more tools. You know, the models. I want more tools. You know, the business is asking for give my users business is asking for give my users business is asking for give my users anything they need to do their job. anything they need to do their job. anything they need to do their job. Well, there's a lot of different models Well, there's a lot of different models Well, there's a lot of different models we can use. we can use. we can use. There's low-cost models. There's There's low-cost models. There's There's low-cost models. There's internal tools. There's things we need internal tools. There's things we need internal tools. There's things we need to do to give our customers the best to do to give our customers the best to do to give our customers the best experience possible. experience possible. experience possible. But, we're also getting pressure. But, we're also getting pressure. But, we're also getting pressure. That pressure from your CFO and CEO to That pressure from your CFO and CEO to That pressure from your CFO and CEO to do more with less. Have you all heard do more with less. Have you all heard do more with less. Have you all heard that? I hear that a lot. that? I hear that a lot. that? I hear that a lot. Um you got to balance innovation and Um you got to balance innovation and Um you got to balance innovation and with with the value and the cost that with with the value and the cost that with with the value and the cost that are beside you. So, So, So, our output tokens our output tokens our output tokens make up 75% of our total token make up 75% of our total token make up 75% of our total token consumption. So, every time somebody consumption. So, every time somebody consumption. So, every time somebody comes to our site and searches for comes to our site and searches for comes to our site and searches for something or creates a generative image, something or creates a generative image, something or creates a generative image, that's creating tokens. That's creating that's creating tokens. That's creating that's creating tokens. That's creating cost for us. cost for us. cost for us. It's our primary cost driver. It's our primary cost driver. It's our primary cost driver. So, what I realized when I was in that So, what I realized when I was in that So, what I realized when I was in that room and I was asked, "Why not use the room and I was asked, "Why not use the room and I was asked, "Why not use the best model every time?" best model every time?" best model every time?" I had an education problem. We hadn't I had an education problem. We hadn't I had an education problem. We hadn't spent enough time educating up and out. spent enough time educating up and out. spent enough time educating up and out. Leaders did not have what they needed to Leaders did not have what they needed to Leaders did not have what they needed to make strategic decisions around what AI make strategic decisions around what AI make strategic decisions around what AI models to use and how much a project was models to use and how much a project was models to use and how much a project was going to cost them. going to cost them. going to cost them. User licenses, we jumped from 50 User licenses, we jumped from 50 User licenses, we jumped from 50 licenses of ChatGPT to 750 in a month. licenses of ChatGPT to 750 in a month. licenses of ChatGPT to 750 in a month. That is significant. That's changing our That is significant. That's changing our That is significant. That's changing our costs. costs. costs. And products adding features, all of And products adding features, all of And products adding features, all of these things are creating costs. Yet our these things are creating costs. Yet our these things are creating costs. Yet our leaders didn't have what they needed. So, as I mentioned, understanding your So, as I mentioned, understanding your So, as I mentioned, understanding your AI costs is no longer optional. It is AI costs is no longer optional. It is AI costs is no longer optional. It is foundational. foundational. foundational. And what we're seeing today with the And what we're seeing today with the And what we're seeing today with the exponential growth of AI, it's outpacing exponential growth of AI, it's outpacing exponential growth of AI, it's outpacing our understanding. our understanding. our understanding. I think a lot of the CFOs in the room I think a lot of the CFOs in the room I think a lot of the CFOs in the room will be excited to hear me say we don't will be excited to hear me say we don't will be excited to hear me say we don't have true understanding of our cost of have true understanding of our cost of have true understanding of our cost of goods sold. We lack visibility. You goods sold. We lack visibility. You goods sold. We lack visibility. You heard it from some of my peers today. heard it from some of my peers today. heard it from some of my peers today. It's difficult to quantify what things It's difficult to quantify what things It's difficult to quantify what things are costing. You might have one model are costing. You might have one model are costing. You might have one model that every division's using for that every division's using for that every division's using for different use cases. How do you How do different use cases. How do you How do different use cases. How do you How do you put that into one project, one use you put that into one project, one use you put that into one project, one use case? case? case? And the executive pressure, it's real. And the executive pressure, it's real. And the executive pressure, it's real. We can't blow our budgets. You heard We can't blow our budgets. You heard We can't blow our budgets. You heard from JR, some companies are really from JR, some companies are really from JR, some companies are really struggling. They've already blown their struggling. They've already blown their struggling. They've already blown their annual budget in Q1. annual budget in Q1. annual budget in Q1. That's a problem. We need to get a hold That's a problem. We need to get a hold That's a problem. We need to get a hold of it. of it. of it. So, what do our leaders need to see to So, what do our leaders need to see to So, what do our leaders need to see to make decisions? make decisions? make decisions? Well, there's a few things. They need to Well, there's a few things. They need to Well, there's a few things. They need to understand what providers we have and understand what providers we have and understand what providers we have and what models. what models. what models. Some models under the same provider have Some models under the same provider have Some models under the same provider have different cost models. You need to show different cost models. You need to show different cost models. You need to show that to them. that to them. that to them. And we need to get to a point where And we need to get to a point where And we need to get to a point where we're showing them signals for strategy we're showing them signals for strategy we're showing them signals for strategy so they can forecast what their next so they can forecast what their next so they can forecast what their next project's going to cost them. project's going to cost them. project's going to cost them. And last but not least, understand where And last but not least, understand where And last but not least, understand where we've made a commitment to a vendor that we've made a commitment to a vendor that we've made a commitment to a vendor that we're going to spend. we're going to spend. we're going to spend. And where that's creating risk for the And where that's creating risk for the And where that's creating risk for the organization. organization. organization. We've centralized this under our FinOps We've centralized this under our FinOps We've centralized this under our FinOps team. team. team. And by doing that, And by doing that, And by doing that, we identified 250,000 we identified 250,000 we identified 250,000 in unused commitment that we had to use in unused commitment that we had to use in unused commitment that we had to use or it was going to be gone. We were or it was going to be gone. We were or it was going to be gone. We were writing that check no matter what. writing that check no matter what. writing that check no matter what. So, by centrally managing it and So, by centrally managing it and So, by centrally managing it and exposing it to the rest of the exposing it to the rest of the exposing it to the rest of the organization, organization, organization, we found a business division that said, we found a business division that said, we found a business division that said, I can use that. I can take that 250,000 I can use that. I can take that 250,000 I can use that. I can take that 250,000 and generate revenue and build something and generate revenue and build something and generate revenue and build something great. great. great. So, our FinOps team is making that work So, our FinOps team is making that work So, our FinOps team is making that work transparent to help our business transparent to help our business transparent to help our business leverage those commitments. Because if leverage those commitments. Because if leverage those commitments. Because if you don't, that money's going out the you don't, that money's going out the you don't, that money's going out the door whether you like it or not. door whether you like it or not. door whether you like it or not. So, So, So, how do you make AI cost a priority? how do you make AI cost a priority? how do you make AI cost a priority? Start with a top-down mandate. My CFO Start with a top-down mandate. My CFO Start with a top-down mandate. My CFO and I have partnered in sending out a and I have partnered in sending out a and I have partnered in sending out a mandate to our entire company that all mandate to our entire company that all mandate to our entire company that all AI costs must come through my FinOps AI costs must come through my FinOps AI costs must come through my FinOps team. team. team. That sponsorship is critical. That sponsorship is critical. That sponsorship is critical. Get a shared source of truth. Get a shared source of truth. Get a shared source of truth. Start sharing it regularly with the Start sharing it regularly with the Start sharing it regularly with the people that need that information to people that need that information to people that need that information to make decisions. make decisions. make decisions. And what you'll find is you're going to And what you'll find is you're going to And what you'll find is you're going to get faster decisions, you're going to get faster decisions, you're going to get faster decisions, you're going to get leadership confidence. get leadership confidence. get leadership confidence. So, my message is get started. So, my message is get started. So, my message is get started. If you haven't, start simple, If you haven't, start simple, If you haven't, start simple, iterate fast, and evolve as your usage iterate fast, and evolve as your usage iterate fast, and evolve as your usage scales. scales. scales. If you want to learn more, join Becky If you want to learn more, join Becky If you want to learn more, join Becky Canterbury and I tomorrow in a breakout Canterbury and I tomorrow in a breakout Canterbury and I tomorrow in a breakout session where we're going to talk about session where we're going to talk about session where we're going to talk about how we've made this a priority and the how we've made this a priority and the how we've made this a priority and the types of reporting that we share out. types of reporting that we share out. types of reporting that we share out. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. Does that story resonate with what Does that story resonate with what Does that story resonate with what you're seeing in your own organizations? you're seeing in your own organizations? you're seeing in your own organizations? Good. So, Good. So, Good. So, it is in mind my CEO at Lending Club it is in mind my CEO at Lending Club it is in mind my CEO at Lending Club Nation literally said, why can't we use Nation literally said, why can't we use Nation literally said, why can't we use the latest model? And then, you know, it the latest model? And then, you know, it the latest model? And then, you know, it gets more expensive as we do. So, the gets more expensive as we do. So, the gets more expensive as we do. So, the next speaker I want to uh welcome to the next speaker I want to uh welcome to the next speaker I want to uh welcome to the stage uh is a guy, you know, he asked me stage uh is a guy, you know, he asked me stage uh is a guy, you know, he asked me to say this and I'm going to say it, who to say this and I'm going to say it, who to say this and I'm going to say it, who 2 years ago told me I should be leaning 2 years ago told me I should be leaning 2 years ago told me I should be leaning more heavily into AI than I am. And he more heavily into AI than I am. And he more heavily into AI than I am. And he was he was in fact right. So, please was he was in fact right. So, please was he was in fact right. So, please welcome to the stage uh after this short welcome to the stage uh after this short welcome to the stage uh after this short video uh Cyril Belikov from Microsoft video uh Cyril Belikov from Microsoft video uh Cyril Belikov from Microsoft who is as Microsoft a governing board who is as Microsoft a governing board who is as Microsoft a governing board member of the FinOps Foundation and member of the FinOps Foundation and member of the FinOps Foundation and Microsoft is also a committed future Microsoft is also a committed future Microsoft is also a committed future member of the Tokenomics Foundation. member of the Tokenomics Foundation. member of the Tokenomics Foundation. Welcome to Cyril. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you, JR. Thanks so &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you, JR. Thanks so &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you, JR. Thanks so much. It's great to be back. I've lost much. It's great to be back. I've lost much. It's great to be back. I've lost count on how many count on how many count on how many FinOps X events FinOps X events FinOps X events both here and Barcelona. It's awesome to both here and Barcelona. It's awesome to both here and Barcelona. It's awesome to be here. be here. be here. Um and I couldn't be more excited about Um and I couldn't be more excited about Um and I couldn't be more excited about what JR did to set up uh the event which what JR did to set up uh the event which what JR did to set up uh the event which is the the the meshing together, the is the the the meshing together, the is the the the meshing together, the coming together of FinOps, FinOps for coming together of FinOps, FinOps for coming together of FinOps, FinOps for AI, and of course, Tokenomics. Um this AI, and of course, Tokenomics. Um this AI, and of course, Tokenomics. Um this is not new for anybody in the room. But is not new for anybody in the room. But is not new for anybody in the room. But essentially what's happened between what essentially what's happened between what essentially what's happened between what was a year ago and now is something very was a year ago and now is something very was a year ago and now is something very simple. Experimentation simple. Experimentation simple. Experimentation to production. to production. to production. And that's my simple version of JR's 15 And that's my simple version of JR's 15 And that's my simple version of JR's 15 minutes that he did at the beginning. Of minutes that he did at the beginning. Of minutes that he did at the beginning. Of course, course, course, this uh this uh this uh this happens on many different levels this happens on many different levels this happens on many different levels and JR unpacked it really well for you. and JR unpacked it really well for you. and JR unpacked it really well for you. Uh but for us, what we saw with Uh but for us, what we saw with Uh but for us, what we saw with customers over the last three to four customers over the last three to four customers over the last three to four years is working with them on industry years is working with them on industry years is working with them on industry business level use cases that really business level use cases that really business level use cases that really made a difference. The value component made a difference. The value component made a difference. The value component that many people that have mentioned that many people that have mentioned that many people that have mentioned this before on the stage. this before on the stage. this before on the stage. But then of course, the technology But then of course, the technology But then of course, the technology platform at all layers of the stack got platform at all layers of the stack got platform at all layers of the stack got to the right point and the intersection to the right point and the intersection to the right point and the intersection happened. happened. happened. Of course, uh at the same time, you've Of course, uh at the same time, you've Of course, uh at the same time, you've seen some versions of this CEO, CFO, and seen some versions of this CEO, CFO, and seen some versions of this CEO, CFO, and you getting caught in the middle. Show you getting caught in the middle. Show you getting caught in the middle. Show me the ROI is the latest view of what's me the ROI is the latest view of what's me the ROI is the latest view of what's going on. Nothing new for you. going on. Nothing new for you. going on. Nothing new for you. What's really important is that What's really important is that What's really important is that historically, we've been in a different historically, we've been in a different historically, we've been in a different state of mind. state of mind. state of mind. FinOps has been we have been FinOps has been we have been FinOps has been we have been sort of the cost police. sort of the cost police. sort of the cost police. How do we manage cost? How do we manage cost? How do we manage cost? How do we optimize? Right size. How do we optimize? Right size. How do we optimize? Right size. Ca- you know, catching all these idle Ca- you know, catching all these idle Ca- you know, catching all these idle resources. resources. resources. Well, Well, Well, then AI happened. It broke the model then AI happened. It broke the model then AI happened. It broke the model and we're in a very different position, and we're in a very different position, and we're in a very different position, answering very different questions. answering very different questions. answering very different questions. And that means something very different And that means something very different And that means something very different for everyone in this room, which I think for everyone in this room, which I think for everyone in this room, which I think is sort of the theme that you're hearing is sort of the theme that you're hearing is sort of the theme that you're hearing during the course of today. during the course of today. during the course of today. And we are the best we are best And we are the best we are best And we are the best we are best positioned to help lead this. You are positioned to help lead this. You are positioned to help lead this. You are best positioned. best positioned. best positioned. You understand the history. You've had You understand the history. You've had You understand the history. You've had many years in FinOps and now applying many years in FinOps and now applying many years in FinOps and now applying but evolving into what it means in this but evolving into what it means in this but evolving into what it means in this new world. new world. new world. So, there are many shifts that are going So, there are many shifts that are going So, there are many shifts that are going on, many shifts. And as JR says, if on, many shifts. And as JR says, if on, many shifts. And as JR says, if everyone has all the answers, they're everyone has all the answers, they're everyone has all the answers, they're lying. If you are comfortable and happy, lying. If you are comfortable and happy, lying. If you are comfortable and happy, you're in a safe you're in a safe place, you're in a safe you're in a safe place, you're in a safe you're in a safe place, but not a real place. Um so, I'm going but not a real place. Um so, I'm going but not a real place. Um so, I'm going to cover four shifts that we see with to cover four shifts that we see with to cover four shifts that we see with all of our customers um and give you a all of our customers um and give you a all of our customers um and give you a sense of how we're helping them solve um sense of how we're helping them solve um sense of how we're helping them solve um these particular shifts. The first is these particular shifts. The first is these particular shifts. The first is about building intelligence. about building intelligence. about building intelligence. And if you're operating like this with And if you're operating like this with And if you're operating like this with your agents, you're going to be your agents, you're going to be your agents, you're going to be bankrupt. bankrupt. bankrupt. It's a simple statement. And just for It's a simple statement. And just for It's a simple statement. And just for all the reasons that you heard from uh all the reasons that you heard from uh all the reasons that you heard from uh from Mike, from Accenture, from JR, and from Mike, from Accenture, from JR, and from Mike, from Accenture, from JR, and all the others, your tokens will kill all the others, your tokens will kill all the others, your tokens will kill you. you. you. Um but also, you will not be secure and Um but also, you will not be secure and Um but also, you will not be secure and you'll decentralize all the knowledge you'll decentralize all the knowledge you'll decentralize all the knowledge and context of your organization because and context of your organization because and context of your organization because intelligence really is the foundation intelligence really is the foundation intelligence really is the foundation for every AI business, for every AI for every AI business, for every AI for every AI business, for every AI application, and for every agent. application, and for every agent. application, and for every agent. But not only intelligence, But not only intelligence, But not only intelligence, context. context. context. Context on your business, what's going Context on your business, what's going Context on your business, what's going on. And so, we've implemented something on. And so, we've implemented something on. And so, we've implemented something we call Microsoft IQ. I really wish we we call Microsoft IQ. I really wish we we call Microsoft IQ. I really wish we had changed it not called it Microsoft had changed it not called it Microsoft had changed it not called it Microsoft IQ. I would have rather called it your IQ. I would have rather called it your IQ. I would have rather called it your IQ because it really is built on our IQ because it really is built on our IQ because it really is built on our technology, but it's your IQ. It's your technology, but it's your IQ. It's your technology, but it's your IQ. It's your data, your context, the decisions that data, your context, the decisions that data, your context, the decisions that you've made, the processes that you you've made, the processes that you you've made, the processes that you follow, follow, follow, the meetings that you're in, the the meetings that you're in, the the meetings that you're in, the documents that you have, everything documents that you have, everything documents that you have, everything stored in a single place provided as stored in a single place provided as stored in a single place provided as real-time context to your organization, real-time context to your organization, real-time context to your organization, both structured and unstructured both structured and unstructured both structured and unstructured information, so that you can have information, so that you can have information, so that you can have everything available once everything available once everything available once with one set of tokens for all the with one set of tokens for all the with one set of tokens for all the agents to tap into. If you change your agents to tap into. If you change your agents to tap into. If you change your agent, retire an agent, or if you change agent, retire an agent, or if you change agent, retire an agent, or if you change a model, or retire a model, or maybe a model, or retire a model, or maybe a model, or retire a model, or maybe you'll use many models. Hopefully, you you'll use many models. Hopefully, you you'll use many models. Hopefully, you are. Then you have one place to go get are. Then you have one place to go get are. Then you have one place to go get context for your organization. context for your organization. context for your organization. Okay, so that's the first shift. The Okay, so that's the first shift. The Okay, so that's the first shift. The second one, very similar, data and AI second one, very similar, data and AI second one, very similar, data and AI platform. All of you in your in your platform. All of you in your in your platform. All of you in your in your businesses are telling us every day all businesses are telling us every day all businesses are telling us every day all day, day, day, "I need a data and AI platform that "I need a data and AI platform that "I need a data and AI platform that talks together, that helps me think talks together, that helps me think talks together, that helps me think about my business." about my business." about my business." If you If you fragment your data sets, If you If you fragment your data sets, If you If you fragment your data sets, if you lock yourself into limited if you lock yourself into limited if you lock yourself into limited models, limited your limited your models, limited your limited your models, limited your limited your governance, you're very, very governance, you're very, very governance, you're very, very inefficient. inefficient. inefficient. And so, we're we're thinking about how And so, we're we're thinking about how And so, we're we're thinking about how we create a unified data and AI we create a unified data and AI we create a unified data and AI platform, so that we provide you with platform, so that we provide you with platform, so that we provide you with what you need. I'm going to talk about what you need. I'm going to talk about what you need. I'm going to talk about Fabric in a second, but in terms of AI Fabric in a second, but in terms of AI Fabric in a second, but in terms of AI and and Foundry, 11,000 plus models in and and Foundry, 11,000 plus models in and and Foundry, 11,000 plus models in Foundry. Of course, we love developers. Foundry. Of course, we love developers. Foundry. Of course, we love developers. We just had Microsoft Build. They want We just had Microsoft Build. They want We just had Microsoft Build. They want the Ferrari of models all day, every the Ferrari of models all day, every the Ferrari of models all day, every day. Maybe the Ferrari is not good for day. Maybe the Ferrari is not good for day. Maybe the Ferrari is not good for everything. The Mercedes is just as everything. The Mercedes is just as everything. The Mercedes is just as good, and maybe costs different, or good, and maybe costs different, or good, and maybe costs different, or maybe it's even better for what they maybe it's even better for what they maybe it's even better for what they need to do, because they're not on a need to do, because they're not on a need to do, because they're not on a Formula 1 circuit. Uh they're they're Formula 1 circuit. Uh they're they're Formula 1 circuit. Uh they're they're going around uh going around uh going around uh a normal road. And so, while that's a normal road. And so, while that's a normal road. And so, while that's important, too, you also need a model important, too, you also need a model important, too, you also need a model router. router. router. And so, a way that you can route models, And so, a way that you can route models, And so, a way that you can route models, so we now have hundreds of thousands of so we now have hundreds of thousands of so we now have hundreds of thousands of customers using a model router to customers using a model router to customers using a model router to provide an input, uh decide based on provide an input, uh decide based on provide an input, uh decide based on either business rules or automation on either business rules or automation on either business rules or automation on how you use the efficient prompt, the how you use the efficient prompt, the how you use the efficient prompt, the appropriate cost, and increasing appropriate cost, and increasing appropriate cost, and increasing performance. performance. performance. So, um So, um So, um and the and then the last thing we just and the and then the last thing we just and the and then the last thing we just announced in private preview is ROI for announced in private preview is ROI for announced in private preview is ROI for agents in Foundry. Directly in Microsoft agents in Foundry. Directly in Microsoft agents in Foundry. Directly in Microsoft Foundry, the ability to compare business Foundry, the ability to compare business Foundry, the ability to compare business value value value with your token cost side by side. with your token cost side by side. with your token cost side by side. Directly in the portal, and uh so that Directly in the portal, and uh so that Directly in the portal, and uh so that you compare and do that even on a daily you compare and do that even on a daily you compare and do that even on a daily basis. basis. basis. So, this leads to the next concept, So, this leads to the next concept, So, this leads to the next concept, which is uh how do you infuse cost which is uh how do you infuse cost which is uh how do you infuse cost discipline by design? And I started to discipline by design? And I started to discipline by design? And I started to uh give you a sense of what that looks uh give you a sense of what that looks uh give you a sense of what that looks like there. like there. like there. For this, this is FinOps by design. For this, this is FinOps by design. For this, this is FinOps by design. This audience loves that. This audience This audience loves that. This audience This audience loves that. This audience knows that. But we have to put it in the knows that. But we have to put it in the knows that. But we have to put it in the hands of everybody that's in our hands of everybody that's in our hands of everybody that's in our organizations. But more importantly, we organizations. But more importantly, we organizations. But more importantly, we have to do it real time, all day, every have to do it real time, all day, every have to do it real time, all day, every day. day. day. You saw a bunch of graphs, but I will You saw a bunch of graphs, but I will You saw a bunch of graphs, but I will tell you this decision on uh deciding on tell you this decision on uh deciding on tell you this decision on uh deciding on FinOps by design, or cost by design if FinOps by design, or cost by design if FinOps by design, or cost by design if you want, you have to reassess it every you want, you have to reassess it every you want, you have to reassess it every quarter. quarter. quarter. Because the cost changes, but not only Because the cost changes, but not only Because the cost changes, but not only the cost changes, the value changes. the cost changes, the value changes. the cost changes, the value changes. And so every quarter, you need an And so every quarter, you need an And so every quarter, you need an automated way to evaluate what's going automated way to evaluate what's going automated way to evaluate what's going on. A simple example, just a year ago, on. A simple example, just a year ago, on. A simple example, just a year ago, the the the ability to modernize something from ability to modernize something from ability to modernize something from on-premise to cloud would have cost $10. on-premise to cloud would have cost $10. on-premise to cloud would have cost $10. Today, it costs three. Today, it costs three. Today, it costs three. Every quarter, that changes because of Every quarter, that changes because of Every quarter, that changes because of AI and agents. And if you just go to AI and agents. And if you just go to AI and agents. And if you just go to GitHub and GitHub Copilot and the agent GitHub and GitHub Copilot and the agent GitHub and GitHub Copilot and the agent new agents available there, you're able new agents available there, you're able new agents available there, you're able to do that much more efficiently and to do that much more efficiently and to do that much more efficiently and quickly, and and now it's unlocked quickly, and and now it's unlocked quickly, and and now it's unlocked lots of lots of modernization lots of lots of modernization lots of lots of modernization opportunities for uh for all of you. opportunities for uh for all of you. opportunities for uh for all of you. The last one um in this category is The last one um in this category is The last one um in this category is about uh the Azure MCP server that we about uh the Azure MCP server that we about uh the Azure MCP server that we just announced. And here you can see just announced. And here you can see just announced. And here you can see we're directly in the flow of a we're directly in the flow of a we're directly in the flow of a developer. We are giving them developer. We are giving them developer. We are giving them capability of understanding pricing, capability of understanding pricing, capability of understanding pricing, evaluating the trade-offs, and making evaluating the trade-offs, and making evaluating the trade-offs, and making architectural decisions as they're architectural decisions as they're architectural decisions as they're writing code. writing code. writing code. As they're having a conversation, As they're having a conversation, As they're having a conversation, uh maybe they're not writing code, maybe uh maybe they're not writing code, maybe uh maybe they're not writing code, maybe they're architecting code, and uh GitHub they're architecting code, and uh GitHub they're architecting code, and uh GitHub Copilot is writing code, but as they're Copilot is writing code, but as they're Copilot is writing code, but as they're editing code, they can do that in a editing code, they can do that in a editing code, they can do that in a very, very seamless way. very, very seamless way. very, very seamless way. Why does it have to be in a dashboard? Why does it have to be in a dashboard? Why does it have to be in a dashboard? It needs to be in the hands of everybody It needs to be in the hands of everybody It needs to be in the hands of everybody in your organization. in your organization. in your organization. So, that bridges me to the last piece, So, that bridges me to the last piece, So, that bridges me to the last piece, which is optimize with confidence. In which is optimize with confidence. In which is optimize with confidence. In order to do that, we, as FinOps order to do that, we, as FinOps order to do that, we, as FinOps practitioners, we have to create and practitioners, we have to create and practitioners, we have to create and help people see uh the cost uh help people see uh the cost uh help people see uh the cost uh discussions and the value discussions discussions and the value discussions discussions and the value discussions together. together. together. And so, instead of optimization uh And so, instead of optimization uh And so, instead of optimization uh backward-looking, we need to be backward-looking, we need to be backward-looking, we need to be forward-looking. We need to be leaning forward-looking. We need to be leaning forward-looking. We need to be leaning into this agent world. into this agent world. into this agent world. And so, here you see an example of And so, here you see an example of And so, here you see an example of within Microsoft Fabric, bringing your within Microsoft Fabric, bringing your within Microsoft Fabric, bringing your information in uh your FinOps data, and information in uh your FinOps data, and information in uh your FinOps data, and exposing that to Microsoft agents and to exposing that to Microsoft agents and to exposing that to Microsoft agents and to all parts of the organization. This is all parts of the organization. This is all parts of the organization. This is not a dashboard for you to know or for not a dashboard for you to know or for not a dashboard for you to know or for you to send to business leaders. You you to send to business leaders. You you to send to business leaders. You want to give it to developers. You want want to give it to developers. You want want to give it to developers. You want to give it to IT practitioners, to give it to IT practitioners, to give it to IT practitioners, engineers, finance people, low-code, engineers, finance people, low-code, engineers, finance people, low-code, pro-code, people playing in Copilot, pro-code, people playing in Copilot, pro-code, people playing in Copilot, Claude, Gemini, give them access. Claude, Gemini, give them access. Claude, Gemini, give them access. Give them access to your FinOps Give them access to your FinOps Give them access to your FinOps positions. positions. positions. And so, we're super excited to say that And so, we're super excited to say that And so, we're super excited to say that we will be uh continue to focus and we will be uh continue to focus and we will be uh continue to focus and focus on focus uh and support 1.4 in focus on focus uh and support 1.4 in focus on focus uh and support 1.4 in 2026, and we're going to definitely be 2026, and we're going to definitely be 2026, and we're going to definitely be looking at that new badge that JR just looking at that new badge that JR just looking at that new badge that JR just put up um to make sure that we are uh put up um to make sure that we are uh put up um to make sure that we are uh FinOps certified, um but for sure we FinOps certified, um but for sure we FinOps certified, um but for sure we we've committed to already support that we've committed to already support that we've committed to already support that in uh in uh in uh uh 1.4. What that means is that you can uh 1.4. What that means is that you can uh 1.4. What that means is that you can bring focus from any cloud into Fabric, bring focus from any cloud into Fabric, bring focus from any cloud into Fabric, but I want to go back to a previous but I want to go back to a previous but I want to go back to a previous concept I spoke about, which is concept I spoke about, which is concept I spoke about, which is Microsoft IQ. If Microsoft IQ brings a Microsoft IQ. If Microsoft IQ brings a Microsoft IQ. If Microsoft IQ brings a bunch of data context of your bunch of data context of your bunch of data context of your organization, this community needs to organization, this community needs to organization, this community needs to contribute to the organizations IQ with contribute to the organizations IQ with contribute to the organizations IQ with the your own FinOps data. Add that to the your own FinOps data. Add that to the your own FinOps data. Add that to your platform, your intelligence and your platform, your intelligence and your platform, your intelligence and context platform, so that you're giving context platform, so that you're giving context platform, so that you're giving your entire organization, along with the your entire organization, along with the your entire organization, along with the rest of their context, along with the rest of their context, along with the rest of their context, along with the rest of their Microsoft IQ, so they can rest of their Microsoft IQ, so they can rest of their Microsoft IQ, so they can ingest into their agents the same ingest into their agents the same ingest into their agents the same information that you have every day, all information that you have every day, all information that you have every day, all day. day. day. And so with that, uh you are definitely And so with that, uh you are definitely And so with that, uh you are definitely not behind the business, you are leading not behind the business, you are leading not behind the business, you are leading it. And I cannot say that any different. it. And I cannot say that any different. it. And I cannot say that any different. Why? Because you know Why? Because you know Why? Because you know what you've been through. You also know what you've been through. You also know what you've been through. You also know what's coming ahead, and I think what what's coming ahead, and I think what what's coming ahead, and I think what you're getting from this morning, you you're getting from this morning, you you're getting from this morning, you know that no one has the answers, but know that no one has the answers, but know that no one has the answers, but this room is smart enough to help us this room is smart enough to help us this room is smart enough to help us figure it out. So, thanks very much, and figure it out. So, thanks very much, and figure it out. So, thanks very much, and enjoy the rest of the conference. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Ward. Really good job. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Ward. Really good job. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Ward. Really good job. Thank you, Cheryl. Thank you, Cheryl. Thank you, Cheryl. Okay, so I'm going to come back to this Okay, so I'm going to come back to this Okay, so I'm going to come back to this one more time, so you don't forget. But one more time, so you don't forget. But one more time, so you don't forget. But the thing I want to land on with this is the thing I want to land on with this is the thing I want to land on with this is through this entire value, tech value through this entire value, tech value through this entire value, tech value umbrella, it is people all the way down, umbrella, it is people all the way down, umbrella, it is people all the way down, and the people are all connected. and the people are all connected. and the people are all connected. So, So, So, about that FinOps X. What we're going to look to do is bring What we're going to look to do is bring What we're going to look to do is bring these people together in some new ways these people together in some new ways these people together in some new ways in a larger umbrella in a larger umbrella in a larger umbrella to connect all these interconnected to connect all these interconnected to connect all these interconnected disciplines. disciplines. disciplines. So, today, I'm excited to announce Tokenomicon. That wasn't a joke, that's actually the That wasn't a joke, that's actually the That wasn't a joke, that's actually the name of the conference. name of the conference. name of the conference. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Tokenomicon &gt;&gt; Tokenomicon &gt;&gt; Tokenomicon with a FinOps X track, we're not going with a FinOps X track, we're not going with a FinOps X track, we're not going to fully lose FinOps X here, will to fully lose FinOps X here, will to fully lose FinOps X here, will replace this conference next year as the replace this conference next year as the replace this conference next year as the consolidated place across all of these consolidated place across all of these consolidated place across all of these Linux Foundation brands to bring Linux Foundation brands to bring Linux Foundation brands to bring together a technology value with the together a technology value with the together a technology value with the wider conversation of AI. wider conversation of AI. wider conversation of AI. Before you leave, I want you to remember Before you leave, I want you to remember Before you leave, I want you to remember this conference is about connecting. So, this conference is about connecting. So, this conference is about connecting. So, you remember that person next to you you remember that person next to you you remember that person next to you that you talked to? that you talked to? that you talked to? If you flip over your badge on the back, If you flip over your badge on the back, If you flip over your badge on the back, there's a LinkedIn QR code that is for there's a LinkedIn QR code that is for there's a LinkedIn QR code that is for you. So, before you leave, scan that you. So, before you leave, scan that you. So, before you leave, scan that person's badge and connect and follow up person's badge and connect and follow up person's badge and connect and follow up with them later, right? This is about with them later, right? This is about with them later, right? This is about creating conversations. And see later if creating conversations. And see later if creating conversations. And see later if you can have a debate with that person you can have a debate with that person you can have a debate with that person about where FinOps stops and tokenomics about where FinOps stops and tokenomics about where FinOps stops and tokenomics ends or how they merge cuz these are the ends or how they merge cuz these are the ends or how they merge cuz these are the things we need to figure out together. things we need to figure out together. things we need to figure out together. Tomorrow on this stage, Tomorrow on this stage, Tomorrow on this stage, there's going to be some great content. there's going to be some great content. there's going to be some great content. Uh our very own Nishita and Mike from Uh our very own Nishita and Mike from Uh our very own Nishita and Mike from the FinOps Foundation are going to be the FinOps Foundation are going to be the FinOps Foundation are going to be leading a conversation about how your leading a conversation about how your leading a conversation about how your jobs change and a bunch of other jobs change and a bunch of other jobs change and a bunch of other fantastic speakers joining to dive into fantastic speakers joining to dive into fantastic speakers joining to dive into this conversation. this conversation. this conversation. So, just one more thing, So, just one more thing, So, just one more thing, the most important thing of the the most important thing of the the most important thing of the conference, conference, conference, the fourth and final FinOps fox. Anybody want to guess the color? Well, downstairs right now, you can go Well, downstairs right now, you can go Well, downstairs right now, you can go find out right below me at the swag in find out right below me at the swag in find out right below me at the swag in the expo hall. Go downstairs, grab the the expo hall. Go downstairs, grab the the expo hall. Go downstairs, grab the fox, and be one of the first ones to fox, and be one of the first ones to fox, and be one of the first ones to post it to LinkedIn. I'll see you post it to LinkedIn. I'll see you post it to LinkedIn. I'll see you downstairs. &gt;&gt; Mhm.
