So this is going to be a quick talk with So this is going to be a quick talk with So this is going to be a quick talk with some time for questions and I hope I some time for questions and I hope I some time for questions and I hope I leave you with some highle ideas on how leave you with some highle ideas on how leave you with some highle ideas on how to build production level AI agents. I to build production level AI agents. I to build production level AI agents. I think it's no secret everyone here I think it's no secret everyone here I think it's no secret everyone here I mean how people are working on agents mean how people are working on agents mean how people are working on agents right now in the audience right now in the audience right now in the audience what are you other people doing um I what are you other people doing um I what are you other people doing um I think this is the time that agents move think this is the time that agents move think this is the time that agents move into production and I think what we've into production and I think what we've into production and I think what we've seen over the last few years with Genai seen over the last few years with Genai seen over the last few years with Genai is geni easy to demo hard to is geni easy to demo hard to is geni easy to demo hard to productionize software is always like productionize software is always like productionize software is always like this ML was even more like this but I this ML was even more like this but I this ML was even more like this but I think genai has been just extremely easy think genai has been just extremely easy think genai has been just extremely easy to demo and very hard to get shipped and to demo and very hard to get shipped and to demo and very hard to get shipped and I think actually agents is even yet I think actually agents is even yet I think actually agents is even yet another level of this like the amount of another level of this like the amount of another level of this like the amount of amazing demos that you see in Silicon amazing demos that you see in Silicon amazing demos that you see in Silicon Valley as an entrepreneur just blows Valley as an entrepreneur just blows Valley as an entrepreneur just blows your mind. And when we talk to customers your mind. And when we talk to customers your mind. And when we talk to customers about what do you really have running in about what do you really have running in about what do you really have running in production, it's shocking how little production, it's shocking how little production, it's shocking how little that there is, but I think it's coming. that there is, but I think it's coming. that there is, but I think it's coming. And I want to talk about what we've seen And I want to talk about what we've seen And I want to talk about what we've seen in getting people to production. in getting people to production. in getting people to production. How many people have used Weights and How many people have used Weights and How many people have used Weights and Biases? Any any weights and bias users Biases? Any any weights and bias users Biases? Any any weights and bias users here? Awesome. Appreciate it. Um I've here? Awesome. Appreciate it. Um I've here? Awesome. Appreciate it. Um I've run Weights and Biases for the last run Weights and Biases for the last run Weights and Biases for the last eight years and our mission has always eight years and our mission has always eight years and our mission has always been to build the best developer tools been to build the best developer tools been to build the best developer tools for AI. We've always felt like helping for AI. We've always felt like helping for AI. We've always felt like helping developers actually get their projects developers actually get their projects developers actually get their projects from demo into production, whatever that from demo into production, whatever that from demo into production, whatever that is, whether it's traditional AI, whether is, whether it's traditional AI, whether is, whether it's traditional AI, whether it's Gen AI or or building agents, it's Gen AI or or building agents, it's Gen AI or or building agents, that's what we've always been about. And that's what we've always been about. And that's what we've always been about. And you know, after eight years, we're super you know, after eight years, we're super you know, after eight years, we're super proud that u over 1500 enterprises use proud that u over 1500 enterprises use proud that u over 1500 enterprises use weights and biases. is everyone from, weights and biases. is everyone from, weights and biases. is everyone from, you know, OpenAI and Meta building these you know, OpenAI and Meta building these you know, OpenAI and Meta building these foundation models to, you know, Canva foundation models to, you know, Canva foundation models to, you know, Canva and Salesforce kind of exciting um and Salesforce kind of exciting um and Salesforce kind of exciting um dynamic startups to, you know, folks dynamic startups to, you know, folks dynamic startups to, you know, folks like Astroenica and Seammens and and like Astroenica and Seammens and and like Astroenica and Seammens and and people that build really meaningful people that build really meaningful people that build really meaningful applications that help real people out applications that help real people out applications that help real people out in the world. It's it's super exciting in the world. It's it's super exciting in the world. It's it's super exciting to see how many places AI touches and to see how many places AI touches and to see how many places AI touches and how many applications we're able to how many applications we're able to how many applications we're able to support. I should say these days we feel support. I should say these days we feel support. I should say these days we feel like we have three different types of like we have three different types of like we have three different types of developers that we're talking to. We developers that we're talking to. We developers that we're talking to. We have the the foundation model builder. have the the foundation model builder. have the the foundation model builder. There's a small group of people that There's a small group of people that There's a small group of people that works on these huge distributed systems works on these huge distributed systems works on these huge distributed systems and try to build the LMS that we all use and try to build the LMS that we all use and try to build the LMS that we all use now. And then we have um the AI now. And then we have um the AI now. And then we have um the AI engineers that go in maybe fine-tune engineers that go in maybe fine-tune engineers that go in maybe fine-tune maybe tweak those models and try to um maybe tweak those models and try to um maybe tweak those models and try to um make them work for real specific make them work for real specific make them work for real specific applications. But now the biggest user applications. But now the biggest user applications. But now the biggest user of weights and biases is more like a of weights and biases is more like a of weights and biases is more like a traditional software developer that's traditional software developer that's traditional software developer that's hitting these APIs and doing that and hitting these APIs and doing that and hitting these APIs and doing that and doing useful things and and we love all doing useful things and and we love all doing useful things and and we love all three of these different developers that three of these different developers that three of these different developers that we work with to get things into we work with to get things into we work with to get things into production and and working the weights production and and working the weights production and and working the weights and biases platform. Briefly, we have and biases platform. Briefly, we have and biases platform. Briefly, we have two real products. Models might be the two real products. Models might be the two real products. Models might be the one that you're familiar with is what one that you're familiar with is what one that you're familiar with is what people keep coming up to me and talking people keep coming up to me and talking people keep coming up to me and talking to me about today. So this will help you to me about today. So this will help you to me about today. So this will help you build a model, fine-tune it, do build a model, fine-tune it, do build a model, fine-tune it, do reinforcement learning. Weave is our reinforcement learning. Weave is our reinforcement learning. Weave is our newer product that helps people develop newer product that helps people develop newer product that helps people develop these AI um applications. It helps you these AI um applications. It helps you these AI um applications. It helps you observe them, see if they're working or observe them, see if they're working or observe them, see if they're working or not, um improve them, which is really not, um improve them, which is really not, um improve them, which is really what you need to get them into what you need to get them into what you need to get them into production. I think something that production. I think something that production. I think something that everyone's learning now as they get into everyone's learning now as they get into everyone's learning now as they get into AI, it's been true for a long time, is AI, it's been true for a long time, is AI, it's been true for a long time, is that software development is this really that software development is this really that software development is this really linear process mostly, right? Mostly you linear process mostly, right? Mostly you linear process mostly, right? Mostly you ship new features, you add ship new features, you add ship new features, you add functionality, maybe you have a bug, you functionality, maybe you have a bug, you functionality, maybe you have a bug, you go back and fix it, but most of the pro go back and fix it, but most of the pro go back and fix it, but most of the pro things that you do see the light of day. things that you do see the light of day. things that you do see the light of day. In AI development, you're building on In AI development, you're building on In AI development, you're building on top of a system that's top of a system that's top of a system that's non-deterministic. You you don't non-deterministic. You you don't non-deterministic. You you don't necessarily know what it does, right? I necessarily know what it does, right? I necessarily know what it does, right? I mean, if you send something to GPT one mean, if you send something to GPT one mean, if you send something to GPT one day, it might give you the right answer. day, it might give you the right answer. day, it might give you the right answer. You might send it to the exact same You might send it to the exact same You might send it to the exact same model the next day, behind the scenes, model the next day, behind the scenes, model the next day, behind the scenes, they're always improving these models. they're always improving these models. they're always improving these models. It might it might reverse course and not It might it might reverse course and not It might it might reverse course and not work. Right? If if you ask me, hey work. Right? If if you ask me, hey work. Right? If if you ask me, hey Lucas, would this idea that I have, Lucas, would this idea that I have, Lucas, would this idea that I have, would it work? would it work? would it work? The answer is you don't know. You have The answer is you don't know. You have The answer is you don't know. You have to try it. And that's what makes AI to try it. And that's what makes AI to try it. And that's what makes AI development a much more experimental development a much more experimental development a much more experimental process than than software development. process than than software development. process than than software development. And I think as software developers now And I think as software developers now And I think as software developers now move into these agentic projects, move into these agentic projects, move into these agentic projects, they're they're realizing this. they're they're realizing this. they're they're realizing this. One thing that happens when you um have One thing that happens when you um have One thing that happens when you um have this experimental workflow is that your this experimental workflow is that your this experimental workflow is that your real IP here is not the code you write. real IP here is not the code you write. real IP here is not the code you write. With software development, the code you With software development, the code you With software development, the code you write is really valuable IP and no write is really valuable IP and no write is really valuable IP and no company in the last 20 years would not company in the last 20 years would not company in the last 20 years would not check this into some version control, check this into some version control, check this into some version control, would not care about their software, would not care about their software, would not care about their software, would not protect it. But in AI would not protect it. But in AI would not protect it. But in AI development, most of the things that you development, most of the things that you development, most of the things that you do are experiments that don't see the do are experiments that don't see the do are experiments that don't see the light of day. So whether or not you're, light of day. So whether or not you're, light of day. So whether or not you're, you know, um, do a hyperparameter search you know, um, do a hyperparameter search you know, um, do a hyperparameter search on a on a fancy model or trying on a on a fancy model or trying on a on a fancy model or trying different tools and different prompts different tools and different prompts different tools and different prompts for your agentic systems, most of what for your agentic systems, most of what for your agentic systems, most of what you do doesn't actually work. It doesn't you do doesn't actually work. It doesn't you do doesn't actually work. It doesn't actually show up in the end product. And actually show up in the end product. And actually show up in the end product. And what that means is that along the way, what that means is that along the way, what that means is that along the way, it's the things that you learn that are it's the things that you learn that are it's the things that you learn that are really valuable. So if you don't write really valuable. So if you don't write really valuable. So if you don't write those things down that you learned, if those things down that you learned, if those things down that you learned, if you don't keep track of all the failed you don't keep track of all the failed you don't keep track of all the failed experiments that you try, experiments that you try, experiments that you try, your IP is walking out the door when you your IP is walking out the door when you your IP is walking out the door when you walk out the door. And I think walk out the door. And I think walk out the door. And I think executives are trying to realize this executives are trying to realize this executives are trying to realize this and trying to build systems to more and trying to build systems to more and trying to build systems to more accurately track what's going on. As I accurately track what's going on. As I accurately track what's going on. As I said, there's lots of different said, there's lots of different said, there's lots of different approaches. There's lots of different approaches. There's lots of different approaches. There's lots of different levels in maturity in AI and that's levels in maturity in AI and that's levels in maturity in AI and that's totally fine. I think all the things I'm totally fine. I think all the things I'm totally fine. I think all the things I'm going to say today apply to whether going to say today apply to whether going to say today apply to whether you're completely new and trying to you're completely new and trying to you're completely new and trying to build, you know, kind of a simple build, you know, kind of a simple build, you know, kind of a simple system. Often these days it's like a system. Often these days it's like a system. Often these days it's like a chatbot. um all the way to um you know chatbot. um all the way to um you know chatbot. um all the way to um you know AI focused AI native company that's um AI focused AI native company that's um AI focused AI native company that's um where AI is completely core to to what where AI is completely core to to what where AI is completely core to to what you're doing. It's definitely a new you're doing. It's definitely a new you're doing. It's definitely a new paradigm. Um I want to talk about two paradigm. Um I want to talk about two paradigm. Um I want to talk about two interesting projects that we did at interesting projects that we did at interesting projects that we did at Weights and Biases. You know, usually I Weights and Biases. You know, usually I Weights and Biases. You know, usually I use customer examples, but these days I use customer examples, but these days I use customer examples, but these days I think the weights and bias examples are think the weights and bias examples are think the weights and bias examples are maybe more interesting because I can maybe more interesting because I can maybe more interesting because I can really go into the details and tell you really go into the details and tell you really go into the details and tell you everything that we're that we're doing. everything that we're that we're doing. everything that we're that we're doing. these I I promise that our customers these I I promise that our customers these I I promise that our customers actually follow almost identical actually follow almost identical actually follow almost identical patterns, but I can't get into the weeds patterns, but I can't get into the weeds patterns, but I can't get into the weeds as much with them as I can with these as much with them as I can with these as much with them as I can with these projects that we actually worked on projects that we actually worked on projects that we actually worked on ourselves. First of all is the weights ourselves. First of all is the weights ourselves. First of all is the weights and biased MCP server. How many people and biased MCP server. How many people and biased MCP server. How many people have worked with MCP? Um, how common is have worked with MCP? Um, how common is have worked with MCP? Um, how common is that? Interesting. Maybe less than I that? Interesting. Maybe less than I that? Interesting. Maybe less than I thought. I feel like MCP kind of became thought. I feel like MCP kind of became thought. I feel like MCP kind of became this hot thing that everyone's talking this hot thing that everyone's talking this hot thing that everyone's talking about. Maybe there's like a little bit about. Maybe there's like a little bit about. Maybe there's like a little bit of disappointment. Um, and and maybe now of disappointment. Um, and and maybe now of disappointment. Um, and and maybe now it's actually kind of starting to get it's actually kind of starting to get it's actually kind of starting to get into real production. I'll say weights into real production. I'll say weights into real production. I'll say weights and biases. MCP is core to what we do. and biases. MCP is core to what we do. and biases. MCP is core to what we do. What MCP is is a way that it can What MCP is is a way that it can What MCP is is a way that it can applications can provide themselves as applications can provide themselves as applications can provide themselves as context to other LLMs. So MCP is a way context to other LLMs. So MCP is a way context to other LLMs. So MCP is a way that you don't have to build your own that you don't have to build your own that you don't have to build your own tools. Other people can turn your tools. Other people can turn your tools. Other people can turn your product into a tool that they can then product into a tool that they can then product into a tool that they can then use in their agentic workflows including use in their agentic workflows including use in their agentic workflows including you know claude or cursor or um OpenAI. you know claude or cursor or um OpenAI. you know claude or cursor or um OpenAI. So in a way you don't have to build your So in a way you don't have to build your So in a way you don't have to build your own agents here for your software if you own agents here for your software if you own agents here for your software if you provide an MCP um server to other um provide an MCP um server to other um provide an MCP um server to other um third parties. And this has worked super third parties. And this has worked super third parties. And this has worked super well for us, right? So um we built a well for us, right? So um we built a well for us, right? So um we built a weights and biases um MCP server. And weights and biases um MCP server. And weights and biases um MCP server. And now instead of logging into weights and now instead of logging into weights and now instead of logging into weights and biases for the tasks that you want to biases for the tasks that you want to biases for the tasks that you want to do, you can go into claude, you can do a do, you can go into claude, you can do a do, you can go into claude, you can do a oneline integration with our MCP server. oneline integration with our MCP server. oneline integration with our MCP server. And now instead of logging into our And now instead of logging into our And now instead of logging into our system, you can actually ask questions system, you can actually ask questions system, you can actually ask questions in natural text from the cloud system. in natural text from the cloud system. in natural text from the cloud system. And every time cloud releases a new And every time cloud releases a new And every time cloud releases a new model or better model, this system will model or better model, this system will model or better model, this system will automatically improve. Right? So it's automatically improve. Right? So it's automatically improve. Right? So it's meeting our customers where they are. meeting our customers where they are. meeting our customers where they are. It's having customers interact with our It's having customers interact with our It's having customers interact with our product through agents. I find this product through agents. I find this product through agents. I find this super exciting. I actually use this super exciting. I actually use this super exciting. I actually use this every day. You can build cloud will even every day. You can build cloud will even every day. You can build cloud will even build its own um graphs, custom graphs build its own um graphs, custom graphs build its own um graphs, custom graphs and and data analysis on weights and and and data analysis on weights and and and data analysis on weights and biases data stored in our service. This biases data stored in our service. This biases data stored in our service. This is super powerful for our customers is super powerful for our customers is super powerful for our customers because you can gain insights from because you can gain insights from because you can gain insights from experience using natural language which experience using natural language which experience using natural language which you're all familiar with. you're all familiar with. you're all familiar with. Um, and you know, as as as this scales, Um, and you know, as as as this scales, Um, and you know, as as as this scales, I think observability in the decision-m I think observability in the decision-m I think observability in the decision-m process becomes really essential like process becomes really essential like process becomes really essential like why did your agent decide to tell you to why did your agent decide to tell you to why did your agent decide to tell you to do something next? You really want do something next? You really want do something next? You really want tracking for that. So that's a big part tracking for that. So that's a big part tracking for that. So that's a big part of what we offer for um, MCP. I want to of what we offer for um, MCP. I want to of what we offer for um, MCP. I want to walk you through one more um, project walk you through one more um, project walk you through one more um, project that we did that was really interesting that we did that was really interesting that we did that was really interesting which is a SWEBench. Anybody know which is a SWEBench. Anybody know which is a SWEBench. Anybody know SWEBench? How many folks are familiar SWEBench? How many folks are familiar SWEBench? How many folks are familiar with SWEBench? Um, a very small few. So with SWEBench? Um, a very small few. So with SWEBench? Um, a very small few. So I'll define what it So the Sweetbench I'll define what it So the Sweetbench I'll define what it So the Sweetbench data set is actually 500 instances of data set is actually 500 instances of data set is actually 500 instances of real world GitHub instances on open real world GitHub instances on open real world GitHub instances on open source projects in different public source projects in different public source projects in different public repos. These are kind of hard coding repos. These are kind of hard coding repos. These are kind of hard coding challenges where you can actually tell challenges where you can actually tell challenges where you can actually tell if someone passed it or failed to do it. if someone passed it or failed to do it. if someone passed it or failed to do it. So this is a software engineering So this is a software engineering So this is a software engineering challenge. It's actually asking aentic challenge. It's actually asking aentic challenge. It's actually asking aentic systems to act like a software engineer. systems to act like a software engineer. systems to act like a software engineer. This is probably the best um benchmark This is probably the best um benchmark This is probably the best um benchmark out there. You know, example um out there. You know, example um out there. You know, example um problems. These are um actually real problems. These are um actually real problems. These are um actually real things that if you're an engineer, things that if you're an engineer, things that if you're an engineer, you're probably doing today. So enable you're probably doing today. So enable you're probably doing today. So enable quiet mode such an overbose and cleave quiet mode such an overbose and cleave quiet mode such an overbose and cleave for use in a pre-commit hook, right? for use in a pre-commit hook, right? for use in a pre-commit hook, right? With some details of of what they want. With some details of of what they want. With some details of of what they want. Um the state-of-the-art this is actually Um the state-of-the-art this is actually Um the state-of-the-art this is actually just this less than two years ago was just this less than two years ago was just this less than two years ago was solving 1.96% of these um of these tasks solving 1.96% of these um of these tasks solving 1.96% of these um of these tasks and folks published a paper on it. Um, and folks published a paper on it. Um, and folks published a paper on it. Um, there's a big breakthrough in March 2024 there's a big breakthrough in March 2024 there's a big breakthrough in March 2024 when Devon got 13% which is far better when Devon got 13% which is far better when Devon got 13% which is far better than anything had been seen before. And than anything had been seen before. And than anything had been seen before. And actually they raised a $2 billion actually they raised a $2 billion actually they raised a $2 billion valuation off a 13% success rate. It was valuation off a 13% success rate. It was valuation off a 13% success rate. It was it was pretty exciting. Um, the it was pretty exciting. Um, the it was pretty exciting. Um, the competition heated up. I think there was competition heated up. I think there was competition heated up. I think there was Claude released Sonnet. Open AI released Claude released Sonnet. Open AI released Claude released Sonnet. Open AI released GPT40. Um, and we thought we said, you GPT40. Um, and we thought we said, you GPT40. Um, and we thought we said, you know what, we want to see if we can know what, we want to see if we can know what, we want to see if we can build an agent here. What's that going build an agent here. What's that going build an agent here. What's that going to take? And we're going to learn stuff to take? And we're going to learn stuff to take? And we're going to learn stuff along the way about building agents on along the way about building agents on along the way about building agents on this really hard agentic challenge. this really hard agentic challenge. this really hard agentic challenge. So, we picked 01. We tried the different So, we picked 01. We tried the different So, we picked 01. We tried the different models that seemed to work the best for models that seemed to work the best for models that seemed to work the best for us. Um, you know, because uh for a us. Um, you know, because uh for a us. Um, you know, because uh for a number of different reasons, but it felt number of different reasons, but it felt number of different reasons, but it felt like it really followed our like it really followed our like it really followed our instructions. Um, we um we found that instructions. Um, we um we found that instructions. Um, we um we found that each model needs slightly different each model needs slightly different each model needs slightly different prompt engineering. So, I think prompt engineering. So, I think prompt engineering. So, I think depending on what your prompts are, you depending on what your prompts are, you depending on what your prompts are, you might find that different models um might find that different models um might find that different models um would have different success rates, but would have different success rates, but would have different success rates, but I think our engineers really liked it I think our engineers really liked it I think our engineers really liked it because it would actually do what we because it would actually do what we because it would actually do what we said, which is actually surprisingly said, which is actually surprisingly said, which is actually surprisingly hard to get LMS to do that consistently. hard to get LMS to do that consistently. hard to get LMS to do that consistently. Um we really thought about like outcome Um we really thought about like outcome Um we really thought about like outcome oriented um prompting. So we put lots oriented um prompting. So we put lots oriented um prompting. So we put lots and lots of detail in our prompts to and lots of detail in our prompts to and lots of detail in our prompts to tell it exactly how we wanted it to tell it exactly how we wanted it to tell it exactly how we wanted it to approach the problem. Um and then like approach the problem. Um and then like approach the problem. Um and then like what did we improve? So what what what did we improve? So what what what did we improve? So what what happened here, right? So you know we happened here, right? So you know we happened here, right? So you know we wrote a prompt, we built an agent that wrote a prompt, we built an agent that wrote a prompt, we built an agent that used a one to answer um bench questions. used a one to answer um bench questions. used a one to answer um bench questions. There's there's like you can think about There's there's like you can think about There's there's like you can think about like okay what tools should I give it like okay what tools should I give it like okay what tools should I give it access to? How should it edit my code access to? How should it edit my code access to? How should it edit my code files? What should I tell it to do? files? What should I tell it to do? files? What should I tell it to do? Should I tell it to do test driven Should I tell it to do test driven Should I tell it to do test driven development or not? All these things. I development or not? All these things. I development or not? All these things. I think that the the secret sauce, which think that the the secret sauce, which think that the the secret sauce, which I'll just openly share with you, the I'll just openly share with you, the I'll just openly share with you, the reason I think we did this well was a reason I think we did this well was a reason I think we did this well was a really fast experiment loop, right? So, really fast experiment loop, right? So, really fast experiment loop, right? So, we were able to set up a system to run we were able to set up a system to run we were able to set up a system to run experiments really, really fast. And experiments really, really fast. And experiments really, really fast. And every Weights and Biases customer at every Weights and Biases customer at every Weights and Biases customer at scale, this is the thing they care scale, this is the thing they care scale, this is the thing they care about, right? It's the time to to do an about, right? It's the time to to do an about, right? It's the time to to do an experiment. I think it's a unit of time experiment. I think it's a unit of time experiment. I think it's a unit of time as you're trying to ship agents, right? as you're trying to ship agents, right? as you're trying to ship agents, right? Because you're going to need to do a lot Because you're going to need to do a lot Because you're going to need to do a lot of experiments before you get your agent of experiments before you get your agent of experiments before you get your agent to a necessary quality to to put into to a necessary quality to to put into to a necessary quality to to put into production. And then you're prioritizing production. And then you're prioritizing production. And then you're prioritizing what to try. We thought a lot about what to try. We thought a lot about what to try. We thought a lot about this. We we built tools to kind of run this. We we built tools to kind of run this. We we built tools to kind of run things quickly and analyze them. We things quickly and analyze them. We things quickly and analyze them. We improved these tools over time. And we improved these tools over time. And we improved these tools over time. And we learned that you got to make it easy to learned that you got to make it easy to learned that you got to make it easy to look at actual examples. So where did look at actual examples. So where did look at actual examples. So where did this fail, right? There's 500 examples. this fail, right? There's 500 examples. this fail, right? There's 500 examples. Every time you run it, you want to see, Every time you run it, you want to see, Every time you run it, you want to see, okay, where does this get confused? okay, where does this get confused? okay, where does this get confused? People keep asking about hallucinations. People keep asking about hallucinations. People keep asking about hallucinations. Hallucinations always show up. It's kind Hallucinations always show up. It's kind Hallucinations always show up. It's kind of how do you deal with them? How do you of how do you deal with them? How do you of how do you deal with them? How do you know that the system's hallucinating? know that the system's hallucinating? know that the system's hallucinating? And over two months, we got this agent And over two months, we got this agent And over two months, we got this agent working well. We spent hours debugging working well. We spent hours debugging working well. We spent hours debugging it. We built new tools for it. We also it. We built new tools for it. We also it. We built new tools for it. We also continuously impeded on um prompt continuously impeded on um prompt continuously impeded on um prompt engineering. And I think one important engineering. And I think one important engineering. And I think one important thing that's probably not talked about thing that's probably not talked about thing that's probably not talked about enough is counterfactuals, right? So, enough is counterfactuals, right? So, enough is counterfactuals, right? So, you know, when a system breaks in a you know, when a system breaks in a you know, when a system breaks in a whole set of tool calls, you want to go whole set of tool calls, you want to go whole set of tool calls, you want to go back and look at that moment where your back and look at that moment where your back and look at that moment where your agent went haywire and see, okay, would agent went haywire and see, okay, would agent went haywire and see, okay, would this happen one times out of 100 or this happen one times out of 100 or this happen one times out of 100 or would it happen 100 times out of 100? would it happen 100 times out of 100? would it happen 100 times out of 100? Those are super different, right? You Those are super different, right? You Those are super different, right? You might have gotten your non-deterministic might have gotten your non-deterministic might have gotten your non-deterministic system went down the wrong path or there system went down the wrong path or there system went down the wrong path or there maybe something fundamental is always maybe something fundamental is always maybe something fundamental is always going to go down the wrong path. So we going to go down the wrong path. So we going to go down the wrong path. So we we kind of kept trying kind of injecting we kind of kept trying kind of injecting we kind of kept trying kind of injecting new ideas in the middle of an agentic new ideas in the middle of an agentic new ideas in the middle of an agentic process and seeing what would happen. We process and seeing what would happen. We process and seeing what would happen. We were super excited. We got first place were super excited. We got first place were super excited. We got first place on the Sweetbench um leaderboard. So on the Sweetbench um leaderboard. So on the Sweetbench um leaderboard. So this is 64.6% of the issues. I think we this is 64.6% of the issues. I think we this is 64.6% of the issues. I think we stayed up there for about a month while stayed up there for about a month while stayed up there for about a month while other folks um iterated and passed us. I other folks um iterated and passed us. I other folks um iterated and passed us. I think one awesome thing about Sweetbench think one awesome thing about Sweetbench think one awesome thing about Sweetbench is you have to publish all the stuff is you have to publish all the stuff is you have to publish all the stuff that you do to get on Swebench. So that you do to get on Swebench. So that you do to get on Swebench. So there's a really rich um feedback there's a really rich um feedback there's a really rich um feedback actually across different teams of actually across different teams of actually across different teams of improving these systems. I think state improving these systems. I think state improving these systems. I think state of the art is now around 80% which is I of the art is now around 80% which is I of the art is now around 80% which is I think better than human um accuracy even think better than human um accuracy even think better than human um accuracy even a even like a really strong programmer I a even like a really strong programmer I a even like a really strong programmer I think struggles to get to that to that think struggles to get to that to that think struggles to get to that to that level. So that's like one kind of quick level. So that's like one kind of quick level. So that's like one kind of quick example but that really looks like every example but that really looks like every example but that really looks like every customer that we have that really has customer that we have that really has customer that we have that really has things in production. I would say the things in production. I would say the things in production. I would say the basic lesson for anyone trying to build basic lesson for anyone trying to build basic lesson for anyone trying to build a genetic powered apps is to start with a genetic powered apps is to start with a genetic powered apps is to start with a prototype. Spend a lot of time a prototype. Spend a lot of time a prototype. Spend a lot of time building an evaluation framework and building an evaluation framework and building an evaluation framework and then iterate. And if it's possible to then iterate. And if it's possible to then iterate. And if it's possible to incorporate user feedback, that's really incorporate user feedback, that's really incorporate user feedback, that's really powerful because your evals are never powerful because your evals are never powerful because your evals are never going to match what users are going to going to match what users are going to going to match what users are going to really do in production. So kind of really do in production. So kind of really do in production. So kind of being able to iterate quickly on simple being able to iterate quickly on simple being able to iterate quickly on simple things fast and then be able to put things fast and then be able to put things fast and then be able to put something in production and get feedback something in production and get feedback something in production and get feedback from your production users if possible from your production users if possible from your production users if possible is really the the key to success. So is really the the key to success. So is really the the key to success. So again, we started with lighter again, we started with lighter again, we started with lighter prototype. We built this framework. We prototype. We built this framework. We prototype. We built this framework. We incorporated end user feedback and incorporated end user feedback and incorporated end user feedback and iterated. So we have a product weave iterated. So we have a product weave iterated. So we have a product weave that also, you know, helps with some that also, you know, helps with some that also, you know, helps with some parts of this. It's about evaluation and parts of this. It's about evaluation and parts of this. It's about evaluation and monitoring. Um, you can plug it into monitoring. Um, you can plug it into monitoring. Um, you can plug it into work with your rag or fine-tuning or work with your rag or fine-tuning or work with your rag or fine-tuning or agents or whatever that is and value new agents or whatever that is and value new agents or whatever that is and value new agents, monitor things in production. agents, monitor things in production. agents, monitor things in production. And I think another key here is with And I think another key here is with And I think another key here is with like any tool in AI right now. If you like any tool in AI right now. If you like any tool in AI right now. If you want to make a successful tool, you have want to make a successful tool, you have want to make a successful tool, you have to make it super easy to get started, to make it super easy to get started, to make it super easy to get started, right? There's so many different things right? There's so many different things right? There's so many different things you could try, shortening that iteration you could try, shortening that iteration you could try, shortening that iteration time, that integration time is kind of time, that integration time is kind of time, that integration time is kind of key for anyone to be willing to try um, key for anyone to be willing to try um, key for anyone to be willing to try um, anything. anything. anything. So I do think it's kind of exciting to So I do think it's kind of exciting to So I do think it's kind of exciting to take a step back and I just always want take a step back and I just always want take a step back and I just always want to do this in talks I give now and kind to do this in talks I give now and kind to do this in talks I give now and kind of wonder at how amazing it is to be an of wonder at how amazing it is to be an of wonder at how amazing it is to be an AI in June 2025. I think it's this AI in June 2025. I think it's this AI in June 2025. I think it's this knowledge is like unevenly distributed. knowledge is like unevenly distributed. knowledge is like unevenly distributed. But you know I've been doing um AI But you know I've been doing um AI But you know I've been doing um AI companies since um since 2005 but even companies since um since 2005 but even companies since um since 2005 but even going back to 2020, right? This is five going back to 2020, right? This is five going back to 2020, right? This is five years ago. I don't know if you remember years ago. I don't know if you remember years ago. I don't know if you remember when this avocado armchair came out. when this avocado armchair came out. when this avocado armchair came out. like this just like amazes me that you like this just like amazes me that you like this just like amazes me that you know this was like state-of-the-art um know this was like state-of-the-art um know this was like state-of-the-art um not very long ago. And if you look at um not very long ago. And if you look at um not very long ago. And if you look at um do you remember image recognition do you remember image recognition do you remember image recognition systems getting confused like this systems getting confused like this systems getting confused like this between like dogs and um and chicken between like dogs and um and chicken between like dogs and um and chicken nuggets or like you know dogs and um and nuggets or like you know dogs and um and nuggets or like you know dogs and um and and um muffins. I mean it's amazing that and um muffins. I mean it's amazing that and um muffins. I mean it's amazing that um it's amazing we've come so far that um it's amazing we've come so far that um it's amazing we've come so far that this just seems like silly. I was um this just seems like silly. I was um this just seems like silly. I was um vibe coding with my daughter who's 5 vibe coding with my daughter who's 5 vibe coding with my daughter who's 5 years old and now she can actually like years old and now she can actually like years old and now she can actually like program um games. So coming out of the program um games. So coming out of the program um games. So coming out of the Sweetbench thing, we could let this here Sweetbench thing, we could let this here Sweetbench thing, we could let this here we used um cloud code for this. You she we used um cloud code for this. You she we used um cloud code for this. You she could actually like build this game could actually like build this game could actually like build this game through a voice interface um with the through a voice interface um with the through a voice interface um with the computer and basically build a working computer and basically build a working computer and basically build a working like interesting um game. I think people like interesting um game. I think people like interesting um game. I think people do not like realize how far this has do not like realize how far this has do not like realize how far this has come. Doesn't work every time, but she come. Doesn't work every time, but she come. Doesn't work every time, but she was actually able to to build this was actually able to to build this was actually able to to build this awesome game. So I'm just I'm super awesome game. So I'm just I'm super awesome game. So I'm just I'm super super convinced that um you know what's super convinced that um you know what's super convinced that um you know what's happening right now is going to have happening right now is going to have happening right now is going to have this massive impact on humanity. I'm this massive impact on humanity. I'm this massive impact on humanity. I'm like I'm totally convinced that this like I'm totally convinced that this like I'm totally convinced that this moment right now is something that we're moment right now is something that we're moment right now is something that we're going to be telling our um grandkids going to be telling our um grandkids going to be telling our um grandkids about. So, um yeah, we have a booth here about. So, um yeah, we have a booth here about. So, um yeah, we have a booth here and and we're giving um you're talking and and we're giving um you're talking and and we're giving um you're talking folks in in um kind of a developer folks in in um kind of a developer folks in in um kind of a developer meetup. Um I think everyone that I talk meetup. Um I think everyone that I talk meetup. Um I think everyone that I talk to feels like a little nervous that they to feels like a little nervous that they to feels like a little nervous that they don't know everything that's going on. I don't know everything that's going on. I don't know everything that's going on. I actually think nobody out there knows actually think nobody out there knows actually think nobody out there knows everything that's going on. Like nobody everything that's going on. Like nobody everything that's going on. Like nobody knows what all these acronyms mean, but knows what all these acronyms mean, but knows what all these acronyms mean, but I think the key here is to stay like I think the key here is to stay like I think the key here is to stay like interested and and make real projects interested and and make real projects interested and and make real projects work. Thank you so much. It's It's great work. Thank you so much. It's It's great work. Thank you so much. It's It's great to be here at Dev Day and and talk to to be here at Dev Day and and talk to to be here at Dev Day and and talk to all of you. all of you. all of you. [Music]
