[Music] Hi everybody. I'm Jeff Richter. I'm an Hi everybody. I'm Jeff Richter. I'm an Hi everybody. I'm Jeff Richter. I'm an architect on the core AI platform and architect on the core AI platform and architect on the core AI platform and tools team at Microsoft. And I've been tools team at Microsoft. And I've been tools team at Microsoft. And I've been working on AI agents and the model uh working on AI agents and the model uh working on AI agents and the model uh context protocol and the ATA protocol. context protocol and the ATA protocol. context protocol and the ATA protocol. And I wanted to share with you a brief And I wanted to share with you a brief And I wanted to share with you a brief video that kind of shows the video that kind of shows the video that kind of shows the architecture of these various AI agent architecture of these various AI agent architecture of these various AI agent components together. Okay. As you can components together. Okay. As you can components together. Okay. As you can see on this slide, the big orange box is see on this slide, the big orange box is see on this slide, the big orange box is an AI agent. AI agents are typically an AI agent. AI agents are typically an AI agent. AI agents are typically implemented as HTTP implemented as HTTP implemented as HTTP HTTP services and uh they usually are a HTTP services and uh they usually are a HTTP services and uh they usually are a host for MCP components which we'll be host for MCP components which we'll be host for MCP components which we'll be talking about more in a moment. So the talking about more in a moment. So the talking about more in a moment. So the agent is an HTTP service and it is also agent is an HTTP service and it is also agent is an HTTP service and it is also an MCP host. Again, I'll say more about an MCP host. Again, I'll say more about an MCP host. Again, I'll say more about that in a moment. The purpose of an that in a moment. The purpose of an that in a moment. The purpose of an agent is that it specializes in agent is that it specializes in agent is that it specializes in accomplishing a particular task. So an accomplishing a particular task. So an accomplishing a particular task. So an agent usually has a name, it has a agent usually has a name, it has a agent usually has a name, it has a description, and it has a set of skills description, and it has a set of skills description, and it has a set of skills that it's capable of doing uh work on. that it's capable of doing uh work on. that it's capable of doing uh work on. And then because it's an AI agent, it And then because it's an AI agent, it And then because it's an AI agent, it has one or possibly more AI models that has one or possibly more AI models that has one or possibly more AI models that it uses. Usually some LLM like a it uses. Usually some LLM like a it uses. Usually some LLM like a foundational LLM like a you know a GPT foundational LLM like a you know a GPT foundational LLM like a you know a GPT model or something like that. model or something like that. model or something like that. uh then the agent has to have some uh then the agent has to have some uh then the agent has to have some things that are specific to it that it things that are specific to it that it things that are specific to it that it knows about that other agents wouldn't knows about that other agents wouldn't knows about that other agents wouldn't know about to make this agent unique. So know about to make this agent unique. So know about to make this agent unique. So a lot of times we call that the a lot of times we call that the a lot of times we call that the knowledge of the agent and that can be knowledge of the agent and that can be knowledge of the agent and that can be implemented either with your own custom implemented either with your own custom implemented either with your own custom model or perhaps fine-tuning a model or perhaps fine-tuning a model or perhaps fine-tuning a foundational model or as I show on the foundational model or as I show on the foundational model or as I show on the slide here because this is the most slide here because this is the most slide here because this is the most common and easiest thing to do is to uh common and easiest thing to do is to uh common and easiest thing to do is to uh use retrieval augmented generation or use retrieval augmented generation or use retrieval augmented generation or rag to provide the knowledge where you rag to provide the knowledge where you rag to provide the knowledge where you have a bunch of let's say documents PDF have a bunch of let's say documents PDF have a bunch of let's say documents PDF files maybe for the human resources files maybe for the human resources files maybe for the human resources content at your company or something content at your company or something content at your company or something that's, you know, unique that this agent that's, you know, unique that this agent that's, you know, unique that this agent really knows about. And then you uh really knows about. And then you uh really knows about. And then you uh chunk up all of that data, get a bunch chunk up all of that data, get a bunch chunk up all of that data, get a bunch of embeddings for it, put those into an of embeddings for it, put those into an of embeddings for it, put those into an embedding database, and when a client embedding database, and when a client embedding database, and when a client request comes into the agent with a request comes into the agent with a request comes into the agent with a prompt, it can then get an embedding prompt, it can then get an embedding prompt, it can then get an embedding vector for that, do a similarity search vector for that, do a similarity search vector for that, do a similarity search against the embeddings vector database, against the embeddings vector database, against the embeddings vector database, find the pieces of knowledge find the pieces of knowledge find the pieces of knowledge that are most relevant for the prompt, that are most relevant for the prompt, that are most relevant for the prompt, and then embed those pieces of knowledge and then embed those pieces of knowledge and then embed those pieces of knowledge in the prompt. And we call that in the prompt. And we call that in the prompt. And we call that grounding. We're giving the agent grounding. We're giving the agent grounding. We're giving the agent grounding before this prompt is then grounding before this prompt is then grounding before this prompt is then sent off to the AI model to go and do sent off to the AI model to go and do sent off to the AI model to go and do its processing. An AI agent may also its processing. An AI agent may also its processing. An AI agent may also have other agents that it wants to speak have other agents that it wants to speak have other agents that it wants to speak to. You might have an AI agent that is to. You might have an AI agent that is to. You might have an AI agent that is very knowledgeable on one particular very knowledgeable on one particular very knowledgeable on one particular topic. Uh maybe travel information in topic. Uh maybe travel information in topic. Uh maybe travel information in general, but then when it comes time to general, but then when it comes time to general, but then when it comes time to book a flight or book a rental car, it book a flight or book a rental car, it book a flight or book a rental car, it may go and talk to other agents. ones may go and talk to other agents. ones may go and talk to other agents. ones that's specific for booking a flight, that's specific for booking a flight, that's specific for booking a flight, one that's specific for uh renting a car one that's specific for uh renting a car one that's specific for uh renting a car and so on. So that means that you have and so on. So that means that you have and so on. So that means that you have agents talking to other agents and a a agents talking to other agents and a a agents talking to other agents and a a standard protocol for that is Google's standard protocol for that is Google's standard protocol for that is Google's Ato or agent to agent protocol which I'm Ato or agent to agent protocol which I'm Ato or agent to agent protocol which I'm not going to spend a lot of time on in not going to spend a lot of time on in not going to spend a lot of time on in this particular video. Then the agent to this particular video. Then the agent to this particular video. Then the agent to make it more agentic and to actually make it more agentic and to actually make it more agentic and to actually have it perform actions we use the uh have it perform actions we use the uh have it perform actions we use the uh anthropics model context protocol and anthropics model context protocol and anthropics model context protocol and with this protocol you can endow agents with this protocol you can endow agents with this protocol you can endow agents with basically three core features. One with basically three core features. One with basically three core features. One of those features is tool calling where of those features is tool calling where of those features is tool calling where the AI model can go and say to the agent the AI model can go and say to the agent the AI model can go and say to the agent uh orchestrator that's executing and uh orchestrator that's executing and uh orchestrator that's executing and processing um a conversation with processing um a conversation with processing um a conversation with someone that uh instead of uh let's someone that uh instead of uh let's someone that uh instead of uh let's let's say the model the prompt says go let's say the model the prompt says go let's say the model the prompt says go and schedule a meeting for me on this and schedule a meeting for me on this and schedule a meeting for me on this date in my calendar. Well, to actually date in my calendar. Well, to actually date in my calendar. Well, to actually go and do that, an MCP tool would be go and do that, an MCP tool would be go and do that, an MCP tool would be invoked by the orchestrator, but the AI invoked by the orchestrator, but the AI invoked by the orchestrator, but the AI model tells the orchestrator to do that. model tells the orchestrator to do that. model tells the orchestrator to do that. Then the orchestrator goes and calls the Then the orchestrator goes and calls the Then the orchestrator goes and calls the MCP tool and says, "Go and book this MCP tool and says, "Go and book this MCP tool and says, "Go and book this calendar invitation." And then this calendar invitation." And then this calendar invitation." And then this piece of code that has existed for years piece of code that has existed for years piece of code that has existed for years now that's not really AI related in any now that's not really AI related in any now that's not really AI related in any way. That piece of code would go and way. That piece of code would go and way. That piece of code would go and execute and go and create the meeting execute and go and create the meeting execute and go and create the meeting invite on the calendar. You might also invite on the calendar. You might also invite on the calendar. You might also maybe have in the prompt, I want to go maybe have in the prompt, I want to go maybe have in the prompt, I want to go and send an email message to Jeff and and send an email message to Jeff and and send an email message to Jeff and let him know that I want to have lunch let him know that I want to have lunch let him know that I want to have lunch today or at whatever time or something. today or at whatever time or something. today or at whatever time or something. And so an AI agent will process that And so an AI agent will process that And so an AI agent will process that prompt, then go and tell the prompt, then go and tell the prompt, then go and tell the orchestrator to go and send an email. orchestrator to go and send an email. orchestrator to go and send an email. Here's the MCP tool that needs to be Here's the MCP tool that needs to be Here's the MCP tool that needs to be called. Then the orchestrator goes and called. Then the orchestrator goes and called. Then the orchestrator goes and calls that MCP tool. The MCP tool goes calls that MCP tool. The MCP tool goes calls that MCP tool. The MCP tool goes and executes normal code that's been and executes normal code that's been and executes normal code that's been around for many years now to go and send around for many years now to go and send around for many years now to go and send an email to someone and then the MCP an email to someone and then the MCP an email to someone and then the MCP tool returns back and then the AI agent tool returns back and then the AI agent tool returns back and then the AI agent runs its orchestrator to continue the runs its orchestrator to continue the runs its orchestrator to continue the conversation, the chat session with conversation, the chat session with conversation, the chat session with whoever is talking to it. whoever is talking to it. whoever is talking to it. So these MCPs are becoming super popular So these MCPs are becoming super popular So these MCPs are becoming super popular now and because of for many decades now and because of for many decades now and because of for many decades we've had existing code that knows how we've had existing code that knows how we've had existing code that knows how to put meeting invites on a calendar. We to put meeting invites on a calendar. We to put meeting invites on a calendar. We have existing codes that knows how to have existing codes that knows how to have existing codes that knows how to send email messages, existing code to do send email messages, existing code to do send email messages, existing code to do all kinds of things. And we want to make all kinds of things. And we want to make all kinds of things. And we want to make that existing code available to an AI that existing code available to an AI that existing code available to an AI agent to so that people can speak in agent to so that people can speak in agent to so that people can speak in natural language or maybe even use their natural language or maybe even use their natural language or maybe even use their voice and have these other pieces of voice and have these other pieces of voice and have these other pieces of code that have been around for a long code that have been around for a long code that have been around for a long time, you know, play part of solving the time, you know, play part of solving the time, you know, play part of solving the whole solution problem. whole solution problem. whole solution problem. So for the MCP protocol, there's one So for the MCP protocol, there's one So for the MCP protocol, there's one piece which is the host which I'm piece which is the host which I'm piece which is the host which I'm showing here is the actual agent. So showing here is the actual agent. So showing here is the actual agent. So that's the thing where you register MCP that's the thing where you register MCP that's the thing where you register MCP servers with it. So that when the agent servers with it. So that when the agent servers with it. So that when the agent boots up or is running, it can go and boots up or is running, it can go and boots up or is running, it can go and create within itself one MCP client for create within itself one MCP client for create within itself one MCP client for each MCP server. And MCP servers can be each MCP server. And MCP servers can be each MCP server. And MCP servers can be implemented in two different ways. they implemented in two different ways. they implemented in two different ways. they can be implemented so that they're can be implemented so that they're can be implemented so that they're running on the same machine as a running on the same machine as a running on the same machine as a separate process. Um, and usually the separate process. Um, and usually the separate process. Um, and usually the MCP client that lives within the host, MCP client that lives within the host, MCP client that lives within the host, there's a onetoone relationship between there's a onetoone relationship between there's a onetoone relationship between the client and a server. Uh, there's a the client and a server. Uh, there's a the client and a server. Uh, there's a one to many relationship between the MCP one to many relationship between the MCP one to many relationship between the MCP host and all the clients. So an MCP host and all the clients. So an MCP host and all the clients. So an MCP client could be talking to a local MCP client could be talking to a local MCP client could be talking to a local MCP server which is running in another server which is running in another server which is running in another process on the machine. And then this process on the machine. And then this process on the machine. And then this MCP server can expose tools, resources, MCP server can expose tools, resources, MCP server can expose tools, resources, and prompts. I already gave an example and prompts. I already gave an example and prompts. I already gave an example with tools a moment ago. A different MCP with tools a moment ago. A different MCP with tools a moment ago. A different MCP client within the host could be talking client within the host could be talking client within the host could be talking to a remote MCP her server. These are to a remote MCP her server. These are to a remote MCP her server. These are implemented using the HTTP protocol just implemented using the HTTP protocol just implemented using the HTTP protocol just the same way as an agent is, although the same way as an agent is, although the same way as an agent is, although the API interface is a little bit the API interface is a little bit the API interface is a little bit different, but it's still an HTTP different, but it's still an HTTP different, but it's still an HTTP service. And then remotely this could be service. And then remotely this could be service. And then remotely this could be running on another machine somewhere in running on another machine somewhere in running on another machine somewhere in a data center and it would also expose a data center and it would also expose a data center and it would also expose tools, resources and prompts as well. tools, resources and prompts as well. tools, resources and prompts as well. And then from the host it's just talking And then from the host it's just talking And then from the host it's just talking to these clients and the client's to these clients and the client's to these clients and the client's abstracting the way away abstracting abstracting the way away abstracting abstracting the way away abstracting away whether the MCP server is running away whether the MCP server is running away whether the MCP server is running locally or running remotely. Uh, and of locally or running remotely. Uh, and of locally or running remotely. Uh, and of course because the MCP server, the local course because the MCP server, the local course because the MCP server, the local one is running in a separate process, it one is running in a separate process, it one is running in a separate process, it can be written in any programming can be written in any programming can be written in any programming language. Doesn't have to be the same language. Doesn't have to be the same language. Doesn't have to be the same programming language as the AI agent. programming language as the AI agent. programming language as the AI agent. And of course, the remote ones on And of course, the remote ones on And of course, the remote ones on another machine. So that could also be another machine. So that could also be another machine. So that could also be written in a different programming written in a different programming written in a different programming language than the AI agent is. And then language than the AI agent is. And then language than the AI agent is. And then on this slide, I show only two MCP on this slide, I show only two MCP on this slide, I show only two MCP servers being used by this agent. But servers being used by this agent. But servers being used by this agent. But some agents now are using many MCP some agents now are using many MCP some agents now are using many MCP servers. uh could be 10, 20 or possibly servers. uh could be 10, 20 or possibly servers. uh could be 10, 20 or possibly even more. Um there are some problems even more. Um there are some problems even more. Um there are some problems with having too many servers and too with having too many servers and too with having too many servers and too many tools because when you pass this many tools because when you pass this many tools because when you pass this long list of possibilities to the AI long list of possibilities to the AI long list of possibilities to the AI agent to determine which to invoke, it agent to determine which to invoke, it agent to determine which to invoke, it can easily get confused. Also, they have can easily get confused. Also, they have can easily get confused. Also, they have some hard limits on them. So that's a some hard limits on them. So that's a some hard limits on them. So that's a problem that the industry is currently problem that the industry is currently problem that the industry is currently working on. Uh on the team on at working on. Uh on the team on at working on. Uh on the team on at Microsoft, we have some ideas for how to Microsoft, we have some ideas for how to Microsoft, we have some ideas for how to address this problem. um actually using address this problem. um actually using address this problem. um actually using rag to do a tool narrowing or tool rag to do a tool narrowing or tool rag to do a tool narrowing or tool selection is one of the things that selection is one of the things that selection is one of the things that we're experimenting with and seeing how we're experimenting with and seeing how we're experimenting with and seeing how well that that does. In addition to well that that does. In addition to well that that does. In addition to tools though, let's talk about the other tools though, let's talk about the other tools though, let's talk about the other capabilities of an MCP server. The next capabilities of an MCP server. The next capabilities of an MCP server. The next one is resources. With resources, the one is resources. With resources, the one is resources. With resources, the MCT server has is basically saying to MCT server has is basically saying to MCT server has is basically saying to the agent, I have access to these the agent, I have access to these the agent, I have access to these various resources, all of which can be various resources, all of which can be various resources, all of which can be read from. So it's a read only or get read from. So it's a read only or get read from. So it's a read only or get only kind of operation with those only kind of operation with those only kind of operation with those resources. Those resources are described resources. Those resources are described resources. Those resources are described by way of URIs. If they are resources to by way of URIs. If they are resources to by way of URIs. If they are resources to files on the local machine, then the files on the local machine, then the files on the local machine, then the URIs usually starts with file colon URIs usually starts with file colon URIs usually starts with file colon slash and then the path to it. But of slash and then the path to it. But of slash and then the path to it. But of course it can be resources anywhere on course it can be resources anywhere on course it can be resources anywhere on the internet like HTTP or or you can the internet like HTTP or or you can the internet like HTTP or or you can make up some protocol too for whatever make up some protocol too for whatever make up some protocol too for whatever it is you desire. And then uh the it is you desire. And then uh the it is you desire. And then uh the orchestrator can go and query these orchestrator can go and query these orchestrator can go and query these resources and maybe show a user resources and maybe show a user resources and maybe show a user interface to a human being where the interface to a human being where the interface to a human being where the human being might pick some of those human being might pick some of those human being might pick some of those resources that the orchestrator could resources that the orchestrator could resources that the orchestrator could then read those resources from the then read those resources from the then read those resources from the server, embed those resources in the server, embed those resources in the server, embed those resources in the prompt, which is adding more grounding prompt, which is adding more grounding prompt, which is adding more grounding or knowledge to the prompt before the or knowledge to the prompt before the or knowledge to the prompt before the orchestrator then sends that new prompt orchestrator then sends that new prompt orchestrator then sends that new prompt off to the AI model. And now the AI off to the AI model. And now the AI off to the AI model. And now the AI model has the content of those resources model has the content of those resources model has the content of those resources that it can reason about and do that it can reason about and do that it can reason about and do inference zone for determining a answer inference zone for determining a answer inference zone for determining a answer or response to the prompt that comes in or response to the prompt that comes in or response to the prompt that comes in which can then be added to the task which can then be added to the task which can then be added to the task conversation that's evolving over time conversation that's evolving over time conversation that's evolving over time as we keep going back and forth in the as we keep going back and forth in the as we keep going back and forth in the chat session between um agents or the chat session between um agents or the chat session between um agents or the human and an agent. And then finally, human and an agent. And then finally, human and an agent. And then finally, MCP servers have prompts that are MCP servers have prompts that are MCP servers have prompts that are available. This is another way to add available. This is another way to add available. This is another way to add grounding. It's a way for an MCP server grounding. It's a way for an MCP server grounding. It's a way for an MCP server to tell an agent, I know about certain to tell an agent, I know about certain to tell an agent, I know about certain props. They have names associated with props. They have names associated with props. They have names associated with them. And the agent can present to a them. And the agent can present to a them. And the agent can present to a consumer of the agent, these are the consumer of the agent, these are the consumer of the agent, these are the various prompts or things that I really various prompts or things that I really various prompts or things that I really know how to do. I know how to create know how to do. I know how to create know how to do. I know how to create this prompt. I know what pieces of data this prompt. I know what pieces of data this prompt. I know what pieces of data need to be filled in to execute this need to be filled in to execute this need to be filled in to execute this prompt. prompt. prompt. And that can be presented to a human. A And that can be presented to a human. A And that can be presented to a human. A human might have to fill in a couple human might have to fill in a couple human might have to fill in a couple pieces of information like I want to pieces of information like I want to pieces of information like I want to look at a log file. So the human might look at a log file. So the human might look at a log file. So the human might have to put in well what's the path to have to put in well what's the path to have to put in well what's the path to the log file and then it might say and I the log file and then it might say and I the log file and then it might say and I want to look in the log file from this want to look in the log file from this want to look in the log file from this timestamp to this time stamp. So the timestamp to this time stamp. So the timestamp to this time stamp. So the human might have to put in these are the human might have to put in these are the human might have to put in these are the timestamp values and then this MCP timestamp values and then this MCP timestamp values and then this MCP server would return a full prompt that server would return a full prompt that server would return a full prompt that the or to act to the orchestrator which the or to act to the orchestrator which the or to act to the orchestrator which would then put in the new prompt along would then put in the new prompt along would then put in the new prompt along with the query that the uh human wants with the query that the uh human wants with the query that the uh human wants send that off to the AI model and then send that off to the AI model and then send that off to the AI model and then the AI model would return the response. the AI model would return the response. the AI model would return the response. So those are the core features. MTP So those are the core features. MTP So those are the core features. MTP servers have a couple of additional servers have a couple of additional servers have a couple of additional features too that are much less commonly features too that are much less commonly features too that are much less commonly used like sampling and logging. Um, so used like sampling and logging. Um, so used like sampling and logging. Um, so I'm not going to go into those. Um, but I'm not going to go into those. Um, but I'm not going to go into those. Um, but the last piece of the puzzle here is the last piece of the puzzle here is the last piece of the puzzle here is that this is a remote AI agent. I that this is a remote AI agent. I that this is a remote AI agent. I mentioned it's implemented as an HTTP mentioned it's implemented as an HTTP mentioned it's implemented as an HTTP HTTP service. So other HTTP service HTTP service. So other HTTP service HTTP service. So other HTTP service agents on the internet, if they have the agents on the internet, if they have the agents on the internet, if they have the URL for this agent, then they can simply URL for this agent, then they can simply URL for this agent, then they can simply call it. So, we now have the ability for call it. So, we now have the ability for call it. So, we now have the ability for one agent to talk to another agent. Uh, one agent to talk to another agent. Uh, one agent to talk to another agent. Uh, that's what I show now is I show an that's what I show now is I show an that's what I show now is I show an agent here talking through the internet agent here talking through the internet agent here talking through the internet to the remote AI agent. And of course to the remote AI agent. And of course to the remote AI agent. And of course the agent on the left, it has all the the agent on the left, it has all the the agent on the left, it has all the regular AI agent stuff in it like its regular AI agent stuff in it like its regular AI agent stuff in it like its own orchestrator, its own AI models, its own orchestrator, its own AI models, its own orchestrator, its own AI models, its own knowledge base of information, its own knowledge base of information, its own knowledge base of information, its own AI agent list that uses to talk to own AI agent list that uses to talk to own AI agent list that uses to talk to other agents and its own set of MCP uh other agents and its own set of MCP uh other agents and its own set of MCP uh servers and clients to go and do the servers and clients to go and do the servers and clients to go and do the processing for that agent. If this a AI processing for that agent. If this a AI processing for that agent. If this a AI agent here has a user interface on top agent here has a user interface on top agent here has a user interface on top of it, then this is what Microsoft of it, then this is what Microsoft of it, then this is what Microsoft brands as a co-pilot. M the Microsoft brands as a co-pilot. M the Microsoft brands as a co-pilot. M the Microsoft always says a co-pilot is a UI over AI always says a co-pilot is a UI over AI always says a co-pilot is a UI over AI is the kind of thing that we keep saying is the kind of thing that we keep saying is the kind of thing that we keep saying repeatedly. Uh so these are branded for repeatedly. Uh so these are branded for repeatedly. Uh so these are branded for Microsoft as co-pilots. And then of Microsoft as co-pilots. And then of Microsoft as co-pilots. And then of course an agent that has a user course an agent that has a user course an agent that has a user interface in front of it is controlled interface in front of it is controlled interface in front of it is controlled by a human being with a keyboard and a by a human being with a keyboard and a by a human being with a keyboard and a mouse or maybe their voice to go and mouse or maybe their voice to go and mouse or maybe their voice to go and talk to it. And that's how the whole talk to it. And that's how the whole talk to it. And that's how the whole agentic flow works and the architecture agentic flow works and the architecture agentic flow works and the architecture of all of these AI agent pieces and how of all of these AI agent pieces and how of all of these AI agent pieces and how they fit together. I think the future of they fit together. I think the future of they fit together. I think the future of all this AI agent stuff and it the its all this AI agent stuff and it the its all this AI agent stuff and it the its ability for it to really bring value to ability for it to really bring value to ability for it to really bring value to people lies in these industry standards people lies in these industry standards people lies in these industry standards that all these companies are adopting that all these companies are adopting that all these companies are adopting including Microsoft of using HTTP and including Microsoft of using HTTP and including Microsoft of using HTTP and Google's ATA protocol and anthropics MCP Google's ATA protocol and anthropics MCP Google's ATA protocol and anthropics MCP protocol and as long as all these protocol and as long as all these protocol and as long as all these companies are using these standards all companies are using these standards all companies are using these standards all these things will interoperate together these things will interoperate together these things will interoperate together regardless of which company creates it regardless of which company creates it regardless of which company creates it and then we can all improve on these and then we can all improve on these and then we can all improve on these protocols and standards together too to protocols and standards together too to protocols and standards together too to address whatever needs are required as address whatever needs are required as address whatever needs are required as time goes on. So this is all still very time goes on. So this is all still very time goes on. So this is all still very new. There's a lot more um things that new. There's a lot more um things that new. There's a lot more um things that need to be added to these protocols to need to be added to these protocols to need to be added to these protocols to make them better and work better for make them better and work better for make them better and work better for people. But the industry is very much people. But the industry is very much people. But the industry is very much rallying around all of this. Certainly rallying around all of this. Certainly rallying around all of this. Certainly Microsoft is. I'm in meetings all the Microsoft is. I'm in meetings all the Microsoft is. I'm in meetings all the time about improving these things and um time about improving these things and um time about improving these things and um the world is very bright going forward.
