Are you sick of endlessly scrolling job Are you sick of endlessly scrolling job Are you sick of endlessly scrolling job boards and never actually finding jobs boards and never actually finding jobs boards and never actually finding jobs that feel like the right fit? Most job that feel like the right fit? Most job that feel like the right fit? Most job seekers never find those perfect fit seekers never find those perfect fit seekers never find those perfect fit roles because A, they haven't defined roles because A, they haven't defined roles because A, they haven't defined what a good fit even looks like. B, what a good fit even looks like. B, what a good fit even looks like. B, today's job descriptions are truly today's job descriptions are truly today's job descriptions are truly awful. They are so vague and they don't awful. They are so vague and they don't awful. They are so vague and they don't reveal key elements like culture, reveal key elements like culture, reveal key elements like culture, leadership, or growth. And third, the leadership, or growth. And third, the leadership, or growth. And third, the amount of rejections and the fatigue amount of rejections and the fatigue amount of rejections and the fatigue that come with that in today's market that come with that in today's market that come with that in today's market means that you're never really going to means that you're never really going to means that you're never really going to go deep on research with these companies go deep on research with these companies go deep on research with these companies to find out if they're a fit before you to find out if they're a fit before you to find out if they're a fit before you apply. But that all changes today. I'm apply. But that all changes today. I'm apply. But that all changes today. I'm going to show you how to build a chat going to show you how to build a chat going to show you how to build a chat GPT agent that scrapes the web for GPT agent that scrapes the web for GPT agent that scrapes the web for companies, scores those companies companies, scores those companies companies, scores those companies against your target criteria, and then against your target criteria, and then against your target criteria, and then spits out a list of value aligned spits out a list of value aligned spits out a list of value aligned companies with available roles that you companies with available roles that you companies with available roles that you can apply for right now. The best part, can apply for right now. The best part, can apply for right now. The best part, it only takes a few minutes to set up. it only takes a few minutes to set up. it only takes a few minutes to set up. You don't need any technical knowledge You don't need any technical knowledge You don't need any technical knowledge or skills. And once you have it set up, or skills. And once you have it set up, or skills. And once you have it set up, this agent is going to find these roles this agent is going to find these roles this agent is going to find these roles for you while you sleep. Let me show you for you while you sleep. Let me show you for you while you sleep. Let me show you how to do it. So, to teach you the how to do it. So, to teach you the how to do it. So, to teach you the basics of this brand new Chad GBT agent basics of this brand new Chad GBT agent basics of this brand new Chad GBT agent feature, as well as how to use it to feature, as well as how to use it to feature, as well as how to use it to build out this workflow, we're going to build out this workflow, we're going to build out this workflow, we're going to cover five things in this video. First, cover five things in this video. First, cover five things in this video. First, I'm going to talk through the I'm going to talk through the I'm going to talk through the differences between the basic Chad GBT differences between the basic Chad GBT differences between the basic Chad GBT bot that you've probably been using and bot that you've probably been using and bot that you've probably been using and this new ChatBT agent mode. Second, I'm this new ChatBT agent mode. Second, I'm this new ChatBT agent mode. Second, I'm going to show you how to build really going to show you how to build really going to show you how to build really specific and detailed dream job criteria specific and detailed dream job criteria specific and detailed dream job criteria that we can feed this agent so that it's that we can feed this agent so that it's that we can feed this agent so that it's going to be very consistent and very going to be very consistent and very going to be very consistent and very effective with its outputs. Third, I'm effective with its outputs. Third, I'm effective with its outputs. Third, I'm going to show you how to build a scoring going to show you how to build a scoring going to show you how to build a scoring methodology using basic chatbt that we methodology using basic chatbt that we methodology using basic chatbt that we can also feed this agent to make sure can also feed this agent to make sure can also feed this agent to make sure that the scores it gives us are really that the scores it gives us are really that the scores it gives us are really accurate and we can have a lot of accurate and we can have a lot of accurate and we can have a lot of confidence in them. And then we're going confidence in them. And then we're going confidence in them. And then we're going to do the live demo. I'm going to share to do the live demo. I'm going to share to do the live demo. I'm going to share my screen. I'm going to walk you through my screen. I'm going to walk you through my screen. I'm going to walk you through this entire process step by step. You'll this entire process step by step. You'll this entire process step by step. You'll see us set up the agent. You'll see it see us set up the agent. You'll see it see us set up the agent. You'll see it run. You'll see the outputs. And you'll run. You'll see the outputs. And you'll run. You'll see the outputs. And you'll be able to see how this can happen while be able to see how this can happen while be able to see how this can happen while you sleep, while you go to the gym, you sleep, while you go to the gym, you sleep, while you go to the gym, while you're doing literally anything while you're doing literally anything while you're doing literally anything else with your time. And then finally, else with your time. And then finally, else with your time. And then finally, I'm going to give you three bonus chat I'm going to give you three bonus chat I'm going to give you three bonus chat GBT use cases that you can leverage GBT use cases that you can leverage GBT use cases that you can leverage agent for in order to take back more agent for in order to take back more agent for in order to take back more time in your job search while increasing time in your job search while increasing time in your job search while increasing your chances of landing more interviews your chances of landing more interviews your chances of landing more interviews and offers. Before we dive into any of and offers. Before we dive into any of and offers. Before we dive into any of the tactical stuff, the most important the tactical stuff, the most important the tactical stuff, the most important first step here is to understand the first step here is to understand the first step here is to understand the difference between basic chatbt and this difference between basic chatbt and this difference between basic chatbt and this new chatbt agent mode. So basic chatbt new chatbt agent mode. So basic chatbt new chatbt agent mode. So basic chatbt is a large language model for is a large language model for is a large language model for brainstorming and Q&amp;A with limited web brainstorming and Q&amp;A with limited web brainstorming and Q&amp;A with limited web search capabilities. So, this can be search capabilities. So, this can be search capabilities. So, this can be really nice for asking questions and really nice for asking questions and really nice for asking questions and getting answers, but the problem here is getting answers, but the problem here is getting answers, but the problem here is that you have to tell it what to do next that you have to tell it what to do next that you have to tell it what to do next at every single step. And it has limited at every single step. And it has limited at every single step. And it has limited access to third party tools and web access to third party tools and web access to third party tools and web search capabilities and all that good search capabilities and all that good search capabilities and all that good stuff. So, OpenAI completely changed stuff. So, OpenAI completely changed stuff. So, OpenAI completely changed this with ChatgBT agent. They gave agent this with ChatgBT agent. They gave agent this with ChatgBT agent. They gave agent its own computer much like the one you its own computer much like the one you its own computer much like the one you use for work every day. Chad GBT agent use for work every day. Chad GBT agent use for work every day. Chad GBT agent has a virtual version of that where it has a virtual version of that where it has a virtual version of that where it can click on things, it can use tools, can click on things, it can use tools, can click on things, it can use tools, it can actually run apps, it can write it can actually run apps, it can write it can actually run apps, it can write code and then OpenAI gave it access to code and then OpenAI gave it access to code and then OpenAI gave it access to all of its tools as well as third-party all of its tools as well as third-party all of its tools as well as third-party integration. So there's a lot at its integration. So there's a lot at its integration. So there's a lot at its disposal. And what this means is that disposal. And what this means is that disposal. And what this means is that you give Chad GBT agents a set of you give Chad GBT agents a set of you give Chad GBT agents a set of instructions once, then Chad GBT agent instructions once, then Chad GBT agent instructions once, then Chad GBT agent is going to go browse the web. It's is going to go browse the web. It's is going to go browse the web. It's going to tap into other tools and it's going to tap into other tools and it's going to tap into other tools and it's going to make its own independent going to make its own independent going to make its own independent decisions for how to complete this decisions for how to complete this decisions for how to complete this workflow all in the background while you workflow all in the background while you workflow all in the background while you sleep, while you go to the gym. Like I sleep, while you go to the gym. Like I sleep, while you go to the gym. Like I said before, so this is really a said before, so this is really a said before, so this is really a gamecher. And another way to think about gamecher. And another way to think about gamecher. And another way to think about it is if you've used Siri or digital it is if you've used Siri or digital it is if you've used Siri or digital assistant before, basic chat GBT is like assistant before, basic chat GBT is like assistant before, basic chat GBT is like telling Siri to find restaurants in your telling Siri to find restaurants in your telling Siri to find restaurants in your area. It's going to give you a list of area. It's going to give you a list of area. It's going to give you a list of restaurants in your area, but that's restaurants in your area, but that's restaurants in your area, but that's about it. You have to do the rest of the about it. You have to do the rest of the about it. You have to do the rest of the decision-making. You have to tell it decision-making. You have to tell it decision-making. You have to tell it what restaurant you want. You have to what restaurant you want. You have to what restaurant you want. You have to refine the criteria. With Chad GBT refine the criteria. With Chad GBT refine the criteria. With Chad GBT agent, it would be like telling Siri to agent, it would be like telling Siri to agent, it would be like telling Siri to not only find restaurants in your area, not only find restaurants in your area, not only find restaurants in your area, but to filter them based on certain but to filter them based on certain but to filter them based on certain criteria and then to actually go make a criteria and then to actually go make a criteria and then to actually go make a recommendation and then make a recommendation and then make a recommendation and then make a reservation at that restaurant for you. reservation at that restaurant for you. reservation at that restaurant for you. That's how powerful the new Chach agent That's how powerful the new Chach agent That's how powerful the new Chach agent mode is. So with that said, now we want mode is. So with that said, now we want mode is. So with that said, now we want to give Chach agent the right inputs. to give Chach agent the right inputs. to give Chach agent the right inputs. That is the most important part for That is the most important part for That is the most important part for consistently getting highquality outputs consistently getting highquality outputs consistently getting highquality outputs from the agent. uh it is the quality of from the agent. uh it is the quality of from the agent. uh it is the quality of the inputs that we give it. So in this the inputs that we give it. So in this the inputs that we give it. So in this case, we're looking to build an agent case, we're looking to build an agent case, we're looking to build an agent that's going to find value aligned jobs. that's going to find value aligned jobs. that's going to find value aligned jobs. We need to tell the agent what we value. We need to tell the agent what we value. We need to tell the agent what we value. We need to tell it what our criteria are We need to tell it what our criteria are We need to tell it what our criteria are for a dream role. So the first step in for a dream role. So the first step in for a dream role. So the first step in this process is value prioritization. this process is value prioritization. this process is value prioritization. These are the highle categories that are These are the highle categories that are These are the highle categories that are going to change with every new job. So going to change with every new job. So going to change with every new job. So think salary, think management, culture, think salary, think management, culture, think salary, think management, culture, the product that you work on and your the product that you work on and your the product that you work on and your career trajectory. All these things are career trajectory. All these things are career trajectory. All these things are going to be different in the different going to be different in the different going to be different in the different jobs that you hold throughout your jobs that you hold throughout your jobs that you hold throughout your career. So you can use these five. I career. So you can use these five. I career. So you can use these five. I would also maybe recommend that you come would also maybe recommend that you come would also maybe recommend that you come up with another three to five up with another three to five up with another three to five categories. And then what I want you to categories. And then what I want you to categories. And then what I want you to do is prioritize them from highest to do is prioritize them from highest to do is prioritize them from highest to lowest. Which of these is most important lowest. Which of these is most important lowest. Which of these is most important when it comes to that new job for you? when it comes to that new job for you? when it comes to that new job for you? And which of these is least important? And which of these is least important? And which of these is least important? And rank everything in between. Once you And rank everything in between. Once you And rank everything in between. Once you have your priorities set, the next thing have your priorities set, the next thing have your priorities set, the next thing that we're going to do is build out that we're going to do is build out that we're going to do is build out examples of what great look like for examples of what great look like for examples of what great look like for each of these priorities. The reason why each of these priorities. The reason why each of these priorities. The reason why this is important is because a great this is important is because a great this is important is because a great manager can look different to different manager can look different to different manager can look different to different people. So you need to tell ChachiBT people. So you need to tell ChachiBT people. So you need to tell ChachiBT agent what a great manager looks like to agent what a great manager looks like to agent what a great manager looks like to you or what a great salary looks like or you or what a great salary looks like or you or what a great salary looks like or a great trajectory or a great culture so a great trajectory or a great culture so a great trajectory or a great culture so that it knows what to look for when it's that it knows what to look for when it's that it knows what to look for when it's running its searches. So let's run running its searches. So let's run running its searches. So let's run through an example here. First, let's through an example here. First, let's through an example here. First, let's say our priority is manager. That's what say our priority is manager. That's what say our priority is manager. That's what we want to figure out. What is a great we want to figure out. What is a great we want to figure out. What is a great manager? Now I want you to think back on manager? Now I want you to think back on manager? Now I want you to think back on great managers that you've had in the great managers that you've had in the great managers that you've had in the past or maybe awesome managers who past or maybe awesome managers who past or maybe awesome managers who worked on adjacent teams or that you've worked on adjacent teams or that you've worked on adjacent teams or that you've heard of or just generally what you heard of or just generally what you heard of or just generally what you think would make for a great manager. think would make for a great manager. think would make for a great manager. And then I want you to build out these And then I want you to build out these And then I want you to build out these criteria. So for example, a great criteria. So for example, a great criteria. So for example, a great manager might set clear goals, define manager might set clear goals, define manager might set clear goals, define success metrics, and provide timely and success metrics, and provide timely and success metrics, and provide timely and actionable feedback. That's an awesome actionable feedback. That's an awesome actionable feedback. That's an awesome criteria. Another example might be a criteria. Another example might be a criteria. Another example might be a great manager who builds psychological great manager who builds psychological great manager who builds psychological safety by listening deeply, by sharing safety by listening deeply, by sharing safety by listening deeply, by sharing context, and by making fair decisions. context, and by making fair decisions. context, and by making fair decisions. That's another awesome example of a That's another awesome example of a That's another awesome example of a criteria. So what we want to do is criteria. So what we want to do is criteria. So what we want to do is define two to three examples for every define two to three examples for every define two to three examples for every single one of the priorities uh that we single one of the priorities uh that we single one of the priorities uh that we already have prioritized on our list. already have prioritized on our list. already have prioritized on our list. Once we have that set up, we are going Once we have that set up, we are going Once we have that set up, we are going to be in great shape to build our agent. to be in great shape to build our agent. to be in great shape to build our agent. But some people struggle with this. But some people struggle with this. But some people struggle with this. Sometimes it's hard to figure out what a Sometimes it's hard to figure out what a Sometimes it's hard to figure out what a great criteria is and sometimes we great criteria is and sometimes we great criteria is and sometimes we overanalyze things or overthink things. overanalyze things or overthink things. overanalyze things or overthink things. So if you need help here, you can So if you need help here, you can So if you need help here, you can actually use chatbt to help you. And I'm actually use chatbt to help you. And I'm actually use chatbt to help you. And I'm talking about the basic version. So we talking about the basic version. So we talking about the basic version. So we can use one of my favorite prompt can use one of my favorite prompt can use one of my favorite prompt formats to solve for this. And formats to solve for this. And formats to solve for this. And essentially what we do here is we tell essentially what we do here is we tell essentially what we do here is we tell chatbt our goal. So in this case, hey, I chatbt our goal. So in this case, hey, I chatbt our goal. So in this case, hey, I am looking to come up with clear am looking to come up with clear am looking to come up with clear examples uh that define what great looks examples uh that define what great looks examples uh that define what great looks like for different criteria that I have like for different criteria that I have like for different criteria that I have for my target companies. Then you can for my target companies. Then you can for my target companies. Then you can ask it to build out a 5 to 10 question ask it to build out a 5 to 10 question ask it to build out a 5 to 10 question assessment that's going to cover all the assessment that's going to cover all the assessment that's going to cover all the different scopes of the priorities. different scopes of the priorities. different scopes of the priorities. You're going to answer them and then You're going to answer them and then You're going to answer them and then Chachd is going to take all of your Chachd is going to take all of your Chachd is going to take all of your answer data and use it to help you build answer data and use it to help you build answer data and use it to help you build out examples of what great looks like out examples of what great looks like out examples of what great looks like for each of those criteria. So at this for each of those criteria. So at this for each of those criteria. So at this point all you need to do is come up with point all you need to do is come up with point all you need to do is come up with your highle categories. You need to your highle categories. You need to your highle categories. You need to prioritize them from top to bottom. You prioritize them from top to bottom. You prioritize them from top to bottom. You need to define specific examples of what need to define specific examples of what need to define specific examples of what great looks like for each about two to great looks like for each about two to great looks like for each about two to three for each. And then we're going to three for each. And then we're going to three for each. And then we're going to be ready to build that AI agent that's be ready to build that AI agent that's be ready to build that AI agent that's going to find these dream rolls while going to find these dream rolls while going to find these dream rolls while you sleep. All right. So now I'm going you sleep. All right. So now I'm going you sleep. All right. So now I'm going to build out this workflow for you step to build out this workflow for you step to build out this workflow for you step by step right here on my screen so you by step right here on my screen so you by step right here on my screen so you can follow along and replicate it for can follow along and replicate it for can follow along and replicate it for yourself. The first step in the process yourself. The first step in the process yourself. The first step in the process is to take all of the criteria that we is to take all of the criteria that we is to take all of the criteria that we just came up with using the exercises I just came up with using the exercises I just came up with using the exercises I showed you a minute ago and we want to showed you a minute ago and we want to showed you a minute ago and we want to put it into a spreadsheet. Now, I'm put it into a spreadsheet. Now, I'm put it into a spreadsheet. Now, I'm going to give you a free downloadable going to give you a free downloadable going to give you a free downloadable version of this Google Sheets template version of this Google Sheets template version of this Google Sheets template that you see right here. I'll give you that you see right here. I'll give you that you see right here. I'll give you the link in just a minute, so stick the link in just a minute, so stick the link in just a minute, so stick around for that. But your spreadsheet around for that. But your spreadsheet around for that. But your spreadsheet should have three major tabs. The first should have three major tabs. The first should have three major tabs. The first are your macrolevel parameters. These are your macrolevel parameters. These are your macrolevel parameters. These are going to be your role and function, are going to be your role and function, are going to be your role and function, the industry, the stage and scale, the the industry, the stage and scale, the the industry, the stage and scale, the location, any of those really highlevel location, any of those really highlevel location, any of those really highlevel parameters. That's going to allow the parameters. That's going to allow the parameters. That's going to allow the chat GPT agent to find a broad swath of chat GPT agent to find a broad swath of chat GPT agent to find a broad swath of companies that it can then go score. companies that it can then go score. companies that it can then go score. Second, what we want to do is share our Second, what we want to do is share our Second, what we want to do is share our value prioritization. So these are all value prioritization. So these are all value prioritization. So these are all of the major highle categories that are of the major highle categories that are of the major highle categories that are going to change when you get that new going to change when you get that new going to change when you get that new job. Your compensation, the management job. Your compensation, the management job. Your compensation, the management structure, flexibility, company culture, structure, flexibility, company culture, structure, flexibility, company culture, and you should have these prioritized and you should have these prioritized and you should have these prioritized from top to bottom. Finally, we want to from top to bottom. Finally, we want to from top to bottom. Finally, we want to list out our target criteria examples. list out our target criteria examples. list out our target criteria examples. These are all the examples of great that These are all the examples of great that These are all the examples of great that you came up with when you were thinking you came up with when you were thinking you came up with when you were thinking about each of those priorities. What about each of those priorities. What about each of those priorities. What this sheet is going to do is give us a this sheet is going to do is give us a this sheet is going to do is give us a really easy way to tell ChachiBT exactly really easy way to tell ChachiBT exactly really easy way to tell ChachiBT exactly what we're looking for so we can build what we're looking for so we can build what we're looking for so we can build an awesome scoring methodology and so we an awesome scoring methodology and so we an awesome scoring methodology and so we can go out there and find companies that can go out there and find companies that can go out there and find companies that meet most of these criteria. So once meet most of these criteria. So once meet most of these criteria. So once your spreadsheet is built out, you're your spreadsheet is built out, you're your spreadsheet is built out, you're going to want to download it and then going to want to download it and then going to want to download it and then you're going to want to come to Chat GBT you're going to want to come to Chat GBT you're going to want to come to Chat GBT and you're going to want to use the and you're going to want to use the and you're going to want to use the prompt that you see on your screen. prompt that you see on your screen. prompt that you see on your screen. Again, I'm giving you a free Again, I'm giving you a free Again, I'm giving you a free downloadable copy and paste version of downloadable copy and paste version of downloadable copy and paste version of this. I'll give you the link in just a this. I'll give you the link in just a this. I'll give you the link in just a second, but basically what this prompt second, but basically what this prompt second, but basically what this prompt is doing is telling ChateBT, "Hey, I'm is doing is telling ChateBT, "Hey, I'm is doing is telling ChateBT, "Hey, I'm attaching a scorecard here. Here's the attaching a scorecard here. Here's the attaching a scorecard here. Here's the information on all three of the tabs. I information on all three of the tabs. I information on all three of the tabs. I want you to use it to build out a want you to use it to build out a want you to use it to build out a scoring methodology that I can use in scoring methodology that I can use in scoring methodology that I can use in order to score companies that show up, order to score companies that show up, order to score companies that show up, you know, in my LinkedIn feed or that you know, in my LinkedIn feed or that you know, in my LinkedIn feed or that I'm interested in." Now, I'm going to go I'm interested in." Now, I'm going to go I'm interested in." Now, I'm going to go ahead and attach that spreadsheet. And ahead and attach that spreadsheet. And ahead and attach that spreadsheet. And then the last thing that I'm going to do then the last thing that I'm going to do then the last thing that I'm going to do is set this model to a thinking mode. So is set this model to a thinking mode. So is set this model to a thinking mode. So GBT5 thinking is great. Uh but anything GBT5 thinking is great. Uh but anything GBT5 thinking is great. Uh but anything with reasoning capabilities is what with reasoning capabilities is what with reasoning capabilities is what we're looking for because then when I we're looking for because then when I we're looking for because then when I run this prompt, Chad GBT is going to run this prompt, Chad GBT is going to run this prompt, Chad GBT is going to think a little bit more deeply about think a little bit more deeply about think a little bit more deeply about this scoring methodology and framework. this scoring methodology and framework. this scoring methodology and framework. It's really going to take its time. So It's really going to take its time. So It's really going to take its time. So here we can see it thinking and then here we can see it thinking and then here we can see it thinking and then it's going to start to walk us through it's going to start to walk us through it's going to start to walk us through the steps that it's taking as it builds the steps that it's taking as it builds the steps that it's taking as it builds out this scoring methodology. And the out this scoring methodology. And the out this scoring methodology. And the nice part is when we give it a little nice part is when we give it a little nice part is when we give it a little bit more time, when we give it a couple bit more time, when we give it a couple bit more time, when we give it a couple of minutes, it's going to come up with of minutes, it's going to come up with of minutes, it's going to come up with something really, really robust. And it something really, really robust. And it something really, really robust. And it doesn't really matter how technical it doesn't really matter how technical it doesn't really matter how technical it is because we're going to feed it right is because we're going to feed it right is because we're going to feed it right into chat GPT agent which is going to into chat GPT agent which is going to into chat GPT agent which is going to understand it like it's a first language understand it like it's a first language understand it like it's a first language and it's going to be able to run with it and it's going to be able to run with it and it's going to be able to run with it and actually go start finding companies and actually go start finding companies and actually go start finding companies for us while we sleep. All right. So for us while we sleep. All right. So for us while we sleep. All right. So chatbt thought for a little over 2 chatbt thought for a little over 2 chatbt thought for a little over 2 minutes and it came up with an amazing minutes and it came up with an amazing minutes and it came up with an amazing scoring framework. So it tells you the scoring framework. So it tells you the scoring framework. So it tells you the highle structure. It's going to be a highle structure. It's going to be a highle structure. It's going to be a blend of two layers the macro fit and blend of two layers the macro fit and blend of two layers the macro fit and the values fit. It's telling you how the values fit. It's telling you how the values fit. It's telling you how it's going to break that out. uh and it's going to break that out. uh and it's going to break that out. uh and then it goes through the actual then it goes through the actual then it goes through the actual different criteria that you gave it and different criteria that you gave it and different criteria that you gave it and it gives you a scoring framework. It it gives you a scoring framework. It it gives you a scoring framework. It gives you different tiers and it gives you different tiers and it gives you different tiers and it essentially rinses and repeats that for essentially rinses and repeats that for essentially rinses and repeats that for every single thing that we gave it. So every single thing that we gave it. So every single thing that we gave it. So you can get a lot of granularity here you can get a lot of granularity here you can get a lot of granularity here and you can go back to it and say, "Hey, and you can go back to it and say, "Hey, and you can go back to it and say, "Hey, I want to tweak this in this way or I I want to tweak this in this way or I I want to tweak this in this way or I don't want to place as much emphasis don't want to place as much emphasis don't want to place as much emphasis over here." That's what's really nice over here." That's what's really nice over here." That's what's really nice about the framework is it's going to about the framework is it's going to about the framework is it's going to tell you exactly what it's doing. So you tell you exactly what it's doing. So you tell you exactly what it's doing. So you can read it, you can ingest it, and then can read it, you can ingest it, and then can read it, you can ingest it, and then you can adjust it to your preferences. you can adjust it to your preferences. you can adjust it to your preferences. But the nice part is all we need to do But the nice part is all we need to do But the nice part is all we need to do now once we're happy with this framework now once we're happy with this framework now once we're happy with this framework is tell ChacheBT agent to go find is tell ChacheBT agent to go find is tell ChacheBT agent to go find companies and use this framework to companies and use this framework to companies and use this framework to score them. So what I'm going to do score them. So what I'm going to do score them. So what I'm going to do first is set chatbt to agent mode. That first is set chatbt to agent mode. That first is set chatbt to agent mode. That is a critical part of this setup. If you is a critical part of this setup. If you is a critical part of this setup. If you don't set it to agent mode, you're not don't set it to agent mode, you're not don't set it to agent mode, you're not going to get the results that we're going to get the results that we're going to get the results that we're looking for. So we set it to agent mode looking for. So we set it to agent mode looking for. So we set it to agent mode and then we're going to go ahead and and then we're going to go ahead and and then we're going to go ahead and paste in the prompt that you see on your paste in the prompt that you see on your paste in the prompt that you see on your screen here. And the one note that I screen here. And the one note that I screen here. And the one note that I couldn't fit on the screen is that I couldn't fit on the screen is that I couldn't fit on the screen is that I actually added in an example output for actually added in an example output for actually added in an example output for reference. So now I'm going to go ahead reference. So now I'm going to go ahead reference. So now I'm going to go ahead and run this. And what we're going to and run this. And what we're going to and run this. And what we're going to see is first Chad GBT agent is going to see is first Chad GBT agent is going to see is first Chad GBT agent is going to begin setting up its virtual desktop. begin setting up its virtual desktop. begin setting up its virtual desktop. This is essentially a virtual version of This is essentially a virtual version of This is essentially a virtual version of the computer that you and I use every the computer that you and I use every the computer that you and I use every single day. It has that version of it. single day. It has that version of it. single day. It has that version of it. So it can go click into a browser, it So it can go click into a browser, it So it can go click into a browser, it can go use applications, it can go write can go use applications, it can go write can go use applications, it can go write code, and it can do it all from this code, and it can do it all from this code, and it can do it all from this computer. We can actually take over this computer. We can actually take over this computer. We can actually take over this computer. I'll show you that in a computer. I'll show you that in a computer. I'll show you that in a second. Um, but essentially what we're second. Um, but essentially what we're second. Um, but essentially what we're going to see is once it's ready, it's going to see is once it's ready, it's going to see is once it's ready, it's going to begin working. And as it works, going to begin working. And as it works, going to begin working. And as it works, we're not only going to be able to see we're not only going to be able to see we're not only going to be able to see the steps that it takes. As you can see the steps that it takes. As you can see the steps that it takes. As you can see right here, it's doing some Google right here, it's doing some Google right here, it's doing some Google searching. We're also going to be able searching. We're also going to be able searching. We're also going to be able to see its thought process along the to see its thought process along the to see its thought process along the way. So, there's going to be a little way. So, there's going to be a little way. So, there's going to be a little gray bubble overlaid over the screen gray bubble overlaid over the screen gray bubble overlaid over the screen here, and it's going to tell you what here, and it's going to tell you what here, and it's going to tell you what it's thinking as it goes through these it's thinking as it goes through these it's thinking as it goes through these steps. So, this is really mesmerizing. I steps. So, this is really mesmerizing. I steps. So, this is really mesmerizing. I often get caught up in just watching it often get caught up in just watching it often get caught up in just watching it do the work. Um, but that is not the do the work. Um, but that is not the do the work. Um, but that is not the most productive use of your time. So I most productive use of your time. So I most productive use of your time. So I want to show you a couple of other want to show you a couple of other want to show you a couple of other factors here or a couple other features factors here or a couple other features factors here or a couple other features rather that you can use uh before rather that you can use uh before rather that you can use uh before showing you the final output. So if you showing you the final output. So if you showing you the final output. So if you click these three dots here uh Chachi click these three dots here uh Chachi click these three dots here uh Chachi agent gives you three options. The first agent gives you three options. The first agent gives you three options. The first is the activity feed. So the activity is the activity feed. So the activity is the activity feed. So the activity feed essentially lets you see the steps feed essentially lets you see the steps feed essentially lets you see the steps that it's taking in order. So you can that it's taking in order. So you can that it's taking in order. So you can actually go back through its process if actually go back through its process if actually go back through its process if you want. The second option is to take you want. The second option is to take you want. The second option is to take over the browser, which as I mentioned, over the browser, which as I mentioned, over the browser, which as I mentioned, you can actually just jump into the you can actually just jump into the you can actually just jump into the browser on the page that chat GBT agent browser on the page that chat GBT agent browser on the page that chat GBT agent is on and you can click around. You can is on and you can click around. You can is on and you can click around. You can do whatever you want. Um, I usually just do whatever you want. Um, I usually just do whatever you want. Um, I usually just let it run, but I wanted to let you know let it run, but I wanted to let you know let it run, but I wanted to let you know that this was an option. And then that this was an option. And then that this was an option. And then finally, of course, you can stop chatbt finally, of course, you can stop chatbt finally, of course, you can stop chatbt agent from doing its thing if you want agent from doing its thing if you want agent from doing its thing if you want to start over or if you just don't feel to start over or if you just don't feel to start over or if you just don't feel like this process is going to be worth like this process is going to be worth like this process is going to be worth it uh for whatever reason. So, we're it uh for whatever reason. So, we're it uh for whatever reason. So, we're going to let this run. And the cool part going to let this run. And the cool part going to let this run. And the cool part is it's actually going to send you a is it's actually going to send you a is it's actually going to send you a notification when it's done. Uh, I have notification when it's done. Uh, I have notification when it's done. Uh, I have notifications from ChatGBT turned on on notifications from ChatGBT turned on on notifications from ChatGBT turned on on my device. So, I'm going to get pinged, my device. So, I'm going to get pinged, my device. So, I'm going to get pinged, which means that I could go for a walk. which means that I could go for a walk. which means that I could go for a walk. I could go spend time on other higher I could go spend time on other higher I could go spend time on other higher ROI job search activities. I can ROI job search activities. I can ROI job search activities. I can literally do anything else and ChatGpt literally do anything else and ChatGpt literally do anything else and ChatGpt agent is going to work on this for me agent is going to work on this for me agent is going to work on this for me and let me know when it's done. So, and let me know when it's done. So, and let me know when it's done. So, let's give it a second here and then let's give it a second here and then let's give it a second here and then we'll take a look at the output. All we'll take a look at the output. All we'll take a look at the output. All right, so I just got the notification on right, so I just got the notification on right, so I just got the notification on my phone that agent is done with its my phone that agent is done with its my phone that agent is done with its work. It looks like it worked for over 1 work. It looks like it worked for over 1 work. It looks like it worked for over 1 hour, which is crazy. And it came up hour, which is crazy. And it came up hour, which is crazy. And it came up with some amazing solutions. It with some amazing solutions. It with some amazing solutions. It literally went out and did all the work literally went out and did all the work literally went out and did all the work for us and found these amazing value for us and found these amazing value for us and found these amazing value aligned companies with just a single aligned companies with just a single aligned companies with just a single click. So let's check out what it found click. So let's check out what it found click. So let's check out what it found here. We can see a full list of here. We can see a full list of here. We can see a full list of companies with the name, their URL. We companies with the name, their URL. We companies with the name, their URL. We can see their match score. We can see can see their match score. We can see can see their match score. We can see the highlights for the criteria that the highlights for the criteria that the highlights for the criteria that they met. And we can also see the gaps they met. And we can also see the gaps they met. And we can also see the gaps uh which highlights the things that they uh which highlights the things that they uh which highlights the things that they did not meet, the criteria that they did did not meet, the criteria that they did did not meet, the criteria that they did not meet. I think that's really not meet. I think that's really not meet. I think that's really interesting because it shows us, you interesting because it shows us, you interesting because it shows us, you know, are these gaps a priority for me know, are these gaps a priority for me know, are these gaps a priority for me or are they not really a priority? Are or are they not really a priority? Are or are they not really a priority? Are they something that I'm happy to kind of they something that I'm happy to kind of they something that I'm happy to kind of make a compromise on? And then finally, make a compromise on? And then finally, make a compromise on? And then finally, and most importantly, they actually have and most importantly, they actually have and most importantly, they actually have links to open jobs because that's the links to open jobs because that's the links to open jobs because that's the whole point of this, right? We want to whole point of this, right? We want to whole point of this, right? We want to find companies so that we can apply for find companies so that we can apply for find companies so that we can apply for their jobs. And the nice part is this their jobs. And the nice part is this their jobs. And the nice part is this whole thing is sourced. So you can whole thing is sourced. So you can whole thing is sourced. So you can actually click on a link like this one actually click on a link like this one actually click on a link like this one and it's going to take you to the job and it's going to take you to the job and it's going to take you to the job description. So you can read through the description. So you can read through the description. So you can read through the job description. You can obviously go job description. You can obviously go job description. You can obviously go ahead and apply for this role if you ahead and apply for this role if you ahead and apply for this role if you want. But hopefully you can see how want. But hopefully you can see how want. But hopefully you can see how powerful this is. And hopefully you're powerful this is. And hopefully you're powerful this is. And hopefully you're as excited as I am about this because as excited as I am about this because as excited as I am about this because finding value line companies is not only finding value line companies is not only finding value line companies is not only one of the most tedious parts of the one of the most tedious parts of the one of the most tedious parts of the process, it's also one of the most process, it's also one of the most process, it's also one of the most difficult and it can drain your energy difficult and it can drain your energy difficult and it can drain your energy faster than so many other things that faster than so many other things that faster than so many other things that we're going to be doing. So now with we're going to be doing. So now with we're going to be doing. So now with this agent, you could just run this this agent, you could just run this this agent, you could just run this overnight while you sleep once a week, overnight while you sleep once a week, overnight while you sleep once a week, once a month, and it's going to find you once a month, and it's going to find you once a month, and it's going to find you these new companies with open roles that these new companies with open roles that these new companies with open roles that you can go ahead and apply for. So now you can go ahead and apply for. So now you can go ahead and apply for. So now we can spend less time on this and we we can spend less time on this and we we can spend less time on this and we can spend more time personalizing our can spend more time personalizing our can spend more time personalizing our applications, more time networking with applications, more time networking with applications, more time networking with people who can influence our ability to people who can influence our ability to people who can influence our ability to get hired. And what that's going to do get hired. And what that's going to do get hired. And what that's going to do is it's going to lead to more interviews is it's going to lead to more interviews is it's going to lead to more interviews and more job offers at value aligned and more job offers at value aligned and more job offers at value aligned companies while you're spending less companies while you're spending less companies while you're spending less time in the boring parts of the job time in the boring parts of the job time in the boring parts of the job search. So now you know how to set up search. So now you know how to set up search. So now you know how to set up your own chatbt agent. But if you want a your own chatbt agent. But if you want a your own chatbt agent. But if you want a shortcut to building out this exact shortcut to building out this exact shortcut to building out this exact agent that's going to find those value agent that's going to find those value agent that's going to find those value aligned companies while you sleep, I've aligned companies while you sleep, I've aligned companies while you sleep, I've got you covered. I'm sharing the exact got you covered. I'm sharing the exact got you covered. I'm sharing the exact copy and paste prompt that I used to copy and paste prompt that I used to copy and paste prompt that I used to build this out as well as the Google build this out as well as the Google build this out as well as the Google Sheet scorecard template completely for Sheet scorecard template completely for Sheet scorecard template completely for free. All you have to do is head to free. All you have to do is head to free. All you have to do is head to austinbellsack.com/jobfinder. You can also find the link below in the You can also find the link below in the You can also find the link below in the description. And then once you have this description. And then once you have this description. And then once you have this set up, I want you to start set up, I want you to start set up, I want you to start brainstorming the different ways that brainstorming the different ways that brainstorming the different ways that you can leverage Chadg's agent in other you can leverage Chadg's agent in other you can leverage Chadg's agent in other parts of the job search so you can win parts of the job search so you can win parts of the job search so you can win back more of your time while increasing back more of your time while increasing back more of your time while increasing your chances of landing interviews. So, your chances of landing interviews. So, your chances of landing interviews. So, let's talk about a few of those. So, let's talk about a few of those. So, let's talk about a few of those. So, like I said, there are basically like I said, there are basically like I said, there are basically virtually unlimited ways that you can virtually unlimited ways that you can virtually unlimited ways that you can leverage chatbt agent in your job leverage chatbt agent in your job leverage chatbt agent in your job search. What I want you to do is get in search. What I want you to do is get in search. What I want you to do is get in the habit of every time you search, the habit of every time you search, the habit of every time you search, every time you go through the motions, every time you go through the motions, every time you go through the motions, thinking of all the different ways that thinking of all the different ways that thinking of all the different ways that you might be able to automate or you might be able to automate or you might be able to automate or delegate using AI. So, I want to give delegate using AI. So, I want to give delegate using AI. So, I want to give you three more use cases where you can you three more use cases where you can you three more use cases where you can leverage chatbt agent to do some of this leverage chatbt agent to do some of this leverage chatbt agent to do some of this tedious work for you so you can focus tedious work for you so you can focus tedious work for you so you can focus your energy on higher ROI activities. your energy on higher ROI activities. your energy on higher ROI activities. Use case number one is an interview Use case number one is an interview Use case number one is an interview research assistant. So, what you can do research assistant. So, what you can do research assistant. So, what you can do here is give Chad GPT agent the name of here is give Chad GPT agent the name of here is give Chad GPT agent the name of the company you're interviewing at, the the company you're interviewing at, the the company you're interviewing at, the job title, and then you can tell it to job title, and then you can tell it to job title, and then you can tell it to perform research, and you can give it perform research, and you can give it perform research, and you can give it some examples. You can say, "Hey, go some examples. You can say, "Hey, go some examples. You can say, "Hey, go look at earnings calls. Go look at look at earnings calls. Go look at look at earnings calls. Go look at interviews with executives. Go look at interviews with executives. Go look at interviews with executives. Go look at product reviews and customer reviews. Go product reviews and customer reviews. Go product reviews and customer reviews. Go look at competitor products. Take all look at competitor products. Take all look at competitor products. Take all that information, analyze it, and then that information, analyze it, and then that information, analyze it, and then share with me the top goals, challenges, share with me the top goals, challenges, share with me the top goals, challenges, and initiatives for the next 6 to 12 and initiatives for the next 6 to 12 and initiatives for the next 6 to 12 months." That is an awesome way to do months." That is an awesome way to do months." That is an awesome way to do this company research ahead of your this company research ahead of your this company research ahead of your interview preparation. interview preparation. interview preparation. To build on that, one of the most To build on that, one of the most To build on that, one of the most stressful parts of interview prep is stressful parts of interview prep is stressful parts of interview prep is just not knowing what you're going to be just not knowing what you're going to be just not knowing what you're going to be asked and not knowing what the interview asked and not knowing what the interview asked and not knowing what the interview process is going to look like. So, the process is going to look like. So, the process is going to look like. So, the second use case is using agent to create second use case is using agent to create second use case is using agent to create an interview question anticipator. What an interview question anticipator. What an interview question anticipator. What I mean by that is you tell agent your I mean by that is you tell agent your I mean by that is you tell agent your target role in the company you're going target role in the company you're going target role in the company you're going to be interviewing for and you tell it to be interviewing for and you tell it to be interviewing for and you tell it to go perform research on the interview to go perform research on the interview to go perform research on the interview process at this company, how you should process at this company, how you should process at this company, how you should prepare, and tell it to find questions prepare, and tell it to find questions prepare, and tell it to find questions that you are likely going to be asked that you are likely going to be asked that you are likely going to be asked for this role. Then for bonus points, for this role. Then for bonus points, for this role. Then for bonus points, you could even upload your resume as you could even upload your resume as you could even upload your resume as part of this prompt. And you could tell part of this prompt. And you could tell part of this prompt. And you could tell it to actually draft interview answers it to actually draft interview answers it to actually draft interview answers to the questions that it finds using to the questions that it finds using to the questions that it finds using your resume to tie your experience in. your resume to tie your experience in. your resume to tie your experience in. That's going to give you a great That's going to give you a great That's going to give you a great starting point when you actually begin starting point when you actually begin starting point when you actually begin preparing for this interview. And you're preparing for this interview. And you're preparing for this interview. And you're going to be able to tie in some of the going to be able to tie in some of the going to be able to tie in some of the information that you got from use case information that you got from use case information that you got from use case number one. Last but not least is a number one. Last but not least is a number one. Last but not least is a salary negotiation market researcher. So salary negotiation market researcher. So salary negotiation market researcher. So in this case, we're going to give Chad in this case, we're going to give Chad in this case, we're going to give Chad GBT agent our target job title, our GBT agent our target job title, our GBT agent our target job title, our target company, as well as the geography target company, as well as the geography target company, as well as the geography we're going to be located in. And then we're going to be located in. And then we're going to be located in. And then we're going to tell it to go perform we're going to tell it to go perform we're going to tell it to go perform market research on salaries and market research on salaries and market research on salaries and compensation packages for our target compensation packages for our target compensation packages for our target role at our target company, for similar role at our target company, for similar role at our target company, for similar roles at competitive companies, and in roles at competitive companies, and in roles at competitive companies, and in the geography we're going to be working the geography we're going to be working the geography we're going to be working in. And then we're going to say, hey, in. And then we're going to say, hey, in. And then we're going to say, hey, take all that data and tell me the take all that data and tell me the take all that data and tell me the compensation ranges on average, the compensation ranges on average, the compensation ranges on average, the compensation package structure on compensation package structure on compensation package structure on average, and then make a recommendation average, and then make a recommendation average, and then make a recommendation for what range I should target and give for what range I should target and give for what range I should target and give me some scripts for how I can negotiate me some scripts for how I can negotiate me some scripts for how I can negotiate that. So that can be a really, really that. So that can be a really, really that. So that can be a really, really powerful tool that is going to allow you powerful tool that is going to allow you powerful tool that is going to allow you to pull in the most up-to-date market to pull in the most up-to-date market to pull in the most up-to-date market data on salaries. All right, so now you data on salaries. All right, so now you data on salaries. All right, so now you know the differences between basic know the differences between basic know the differences between basic chatbt and agent mode. you know how to chatbt and agent mode. you know how to chatbt and agent mode. you know how to set up agent mode to automate these set up agent mode to automate these set up agent mode to automate these tedious tasks in the job search and you tedious tasks in the job search and you tedious tasks in the job search and you have four use cases to test it out on. have four use cases to test it out on. have four use cases to test it out on. So what's next? Well, the first next So what's next? Well, the first next So what's next? Well, the first next step is to like this video and subscribe step is to like this video and subscribe step is to like this video and subscribe to this channel if you want to leverage to this channel if you want to leverage to this channel if you want to leverage AI more effectively in your job search AI more effectively in your job search AI more effectively in your job search and if you want to build skills in AI and if you want to build skills in AI and if you want to build skills in AI that are going to help future proof your that are going to help future proof your that are going to help future proof your career. If you're a job seeker who's career. If you're a job seeker who's career. If you're a job seeker who's struggling to get the results you're struggling to get the results you're struggling to get the results you're looking for, we also have our one-on-one looking for, we also have our one-on-one looking for, we also have our one-on-one job search coaching program where we job search coaching program where we job search coaching program where we teach folks just like you a repeatable teach folks just like you a repeatable teach folks just like you a repeatable system that we've developed over the system that we've developed over the system that we've developed over the last 9 years that leads to offers in an last 9 years that leads to offers in an last 9 years that leads to offers in an average of 15 1.5 weeks, an average average of 15 1.5 weeks, an average average of 15 1.5 weeks, an average raise of $44,000, and offers at value raise of $44,000, and offers at value raise of $44,000, and offers at value aligned companies. And the program comes aligned companies. And the program comes aligned companies. And the program comes with a whole bunch of guarantees and a with a whole bunch of guarantees and a with a whole bunch of guarantees and a whole bunch of bonuses and benefits. So, whole bunch of bonuses and benefits. So, whole bunch of bonuses and benefits. So, if you're interested, you can head to if you're interested, you can head to if you're interested, you can head to cultivated culture.com/coaching and you cultivated culture.com/coaching and you cultivated culture.com/coaching and you can book a free 30-inute one-on-one call can book a free 30-inute one-on-one call can book a free 30-inute one-on-one call with our team. We'll sit down with you with our team. We'll sit down with you with our team. We'll sit down with you on that call. We'll talk to you about on that call. We'll talk to you about on that call. We'll talk to you about the biggest reason your job search isn't the biggest reason your job search isn't the biggest reason your job search isn't working, the challenges that you're working, the challenges that you're working, the challenges that you're facing, and how our system might be able facing, and how our system might be able facing, and how our system might be able to help you get into the outcomes that to help you get into the outcomes that to help you get into the outcomes that you're looking for. And then finally, if you're looking for. And then finally, if you're looking for. And then finally, if that step feels too large right now, we that step feels too large right now, we that step feels too large right now, we host free weekly office hours with our host free weekly office hours with our host free weekly office hours with our team. So every week, we go through the team. So every week, we go through the team. So every week, we go through the three biggest mistakes that we're seeing three biggest mistakes that we're seeing three biggest mistakes that we're seeing happening right now in this market that happening right now in this market that happening right now in this market that are preventing job seekers from landing are preventing job seekers from landing are preventing job seekers from landing interviews and offers. We show you the interviews and offers. We show you the interviews and offers. We show you the exact steps to solve for those mistakes exact steps to solve for those mistakes exact steps to solve for those mistakes so you can unlock the results you're so you can unlock the results you're so you can unlock the results you're looking for. and we take live questions looking for. and we take live questions looking for. and we take live questions so you can get all of your job search so you can get all of your job search so you can get all of your job search questions answered right then and there. questions answered right then and there. questions answered right then and there. So you can head to So you can head to So you can head to cultivatedculture.comlive cultivatedculture.comlive cultivatedculture.comlive to check that out. Whatever you decide to check that out. Whatever you decide to check that out. Whatever you decide as your next steps, I'm really excited as your next steps, I'm really excited as your next steps, I'm really excited to see what you do with these agents and to see what you do with these agents and to see what you do with these agents and I can't wait to share more of these I can't wait to share more of these I can't wait to share more of these tactics with you so you can level up the tactics with you so you can level up the tactics with you so you can level up the AI job search as well as your AI skills AI job search as well as your AI skills AI job search as well as your AI skills to future proof your career. See you in to future proof your career. See you in to future proof your career. See you in the next video.
