All right. All right. All right. We are live for our hackathon demo day. We are live for our hackathon demo day. We are live for our hackathon demo day. I'm just going to check that we are I'm just going to check that we are I'm just going to check that we are streaming to YouTube. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. We've got a few people tuned in already. We've got a few people tuned in already. We've got a few people tuned in already. Great to see you all. Great to see you all. Great to see you all. We are excited to go through We are excited to go through We are excited to go through our top demos. We've got 10 finalists. our top demos. We've got 10 finalists. our top demos. We've got 10 finalists. We're going to go through. We're going We're going to go through. We're going We're going to go through. We're going to announce our winners. to announce our winners. to announce our winners. So, you'll hear who those are. Um So, you'll hear who those are. Um So, you'll hear who those are. Um But, first I want to say thank you to But, first I want to say thank you to But, first I want to say thank you to everybody who participated in our first everybody who participated in our first everybody who participated in our first HeyGen for Developers hackathon. We had HeyGen for Developers hackathon. We had HeyGen for Developers hackathon. We had 33 submissions. We had even more people 33 submissions. We had even more people 33 submissions. We had even more people in there hacking, in there hacking, in there hacking, playing around with the tools, exploring playing around with the tools, exploring playing around with the tools, exploring the HeyGen API, HyperFrames. the HeyGen API, HyperFrames. the HeyGen API, HyperFrames. Um Um Um We love seeing you guys in Discord. We love seeing you guys in Discord. We love seeing you guys in Discord. Please keep sharing what you're working Please keep sharing what you're working Please keep sharing what you're working on there. Um We did We had so many on there. Um We did We had so many on there. Um We did We had so many submissions that we took the weekend to submissions that we took the weekend to submissions that we took the weekend to review them. So, thank you for bearing review them. So, thank you for bearing review them. So, thank you for bearing with us and your patience for the with us and your patience for the with us and your patience for the announcement of our winners. Um but, we announcement of our winners. Um but, we announcement of our winners. Um but, we were excited. Our team had a great time were excited. Our team had a great time were excited. Our team had a great time going through all of the submissions going through all of the submissions going through all of the submissions over this weekend and picking our top 10 over this weekend and picking our top 10 over this weekend and picking our top 10 finalists. And we are going to go finalists. And we are going to go finalists. And we are going to go through and share those demos in just a through and share those demos in just a through and share those demos in just a moment. Um before we get into the demos moment. Um before we get into the demos moment. Um before we get into the demos though, um I want to hand it over to though, um I want to hand it over to though, um I want to hand it over to James to talk a little bit about the James to talk a little bit about the James to talk a little bit about the judging criteria and how our team picked judging criteria and how our team picked judging criteria and how our team picked our final three winners and evaluated our final three winners and evaluated our final three winners and evaluated all the projects. all the projects. all the projects. Sounds good. Yeah, I'm James. I lead our Sounds good. Yeah, I'm James. I lead our Sounds good. Yeah, I'm James. I lead our engineering team that focuses on our engineering team that focuses on our engineering team that focuses on our developer ecosystem. developer ecosystem. developer ecosystem. Uh and yeah, in general, we are really Uh and yeah, in general, we are really Uh and yeah, in general, we are really impressed with all of these submissions. impressed with all of these submissions. impressed with all of these submissions. As we mentioned, there's 33 of them we As we mentioned, there's 33 of them we As we mentioned, there's 33 of them we had to take a look at. And our I rubric had to take a look at. And our I rubric had to take a look at. And our I rubric for looking at these projects was both for looking at these projects was both for looking at these projects was both the actual, I guess, quality of the the the actual, I guess, quality of the the the actual, I guess, quality of the the demo, the narrative, the story, and um demo, the narrative, the story, and um demo, the narrative, the story, and um the actual product that you you built, the actual product that you you built, the actual product that you you built, as well as the technical aspects of it. as well as the technical aspects of it. as well as the technical aspects of it. Essentially, how well did you utilize Essentially, how well did you utilize Essentially, how well did you utilize HeyGen's technologies across our API, HeyGen's technologies across our API, HeyGen's technologies across our API, hyperframes, hyperframes, hyperframes, and any other tools. and any other tools. and any other tools. And then how Yeah, how deeply this And then how Yeah, how deeply this And then how Yeah, how deeply this integration and how technical this integration and how technical this integration and how technical this actually was. actually was. actually was. We had people submitting fully agentic We had people submitting fully agentic We had people submitting fully agentic products. products. products. Um Um Um And in general, these were graded a And in general, these were graded a And in general, these were graded a little bit higher when we're looking at little bit higher when we're looking at little bit higher when we're looking at the overall quality of of the project the overall quality of of the project the overall quality of of the project and the the submission. But yeah, in and the the submission. But yeah, in and the the submission. But yeah, in general, as I mentioned, really general, as I mentioned, really general, as I mentioned, really impressed by lots of these and it was impressed by lots of these and it was impressed by lots of these and it was hard to narrow it down to the the top hard to narrow it down to the the top hard to narrow it down to the the top three, but I think you'll see all of the three, but I think you'll see all of the three, but I think you'll see all of the the top 10 finalists soon. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. And while we go into And while we go into And while we go into finalists. So, everyone watching the finalists. So, everyone watching the finalists. So, everyone watching the demos remembers the categories demos remembers the categories demos remembers the categories that we were looking at. that we were looking at. that we were looking at. We've got three prizes. We're going to We've got three prizes. We're going to We've got three prizes. We're going to pick three winners. pick three winners. pick three winners. And those are going to be our grand And those are going to be our grand And those are going to be our grand prize, best overall project, best AI AI prize, best overall project, best AI AI prize, best overall project, best AI AI agent setup, and then a third winner for agent setup, and then a third winner for agent setup, and then a third winner for best use. best use. best use. Actually, this is a best product. So, Actually, this is a best product. So, Actually, this is a best product. So, best use of HeyGen in a product. So, best use of HeyGen in a product. So, best use of HeyGen in a product. So, we will share those winners at the end. we will share those winners at the end. we will share those winners at the end. And while you're watching the demos, And while you're watching the demos, And while you're watching the demos, feel free in the comments to share who feel free in the comments to share who feel free in the comments to share who you think should be the winner. you think should be the winner. you think should be the winner. See if we pick the same ones that you See if we pick the same ones that you See if we pick the same ones that you would pick. would pick. would pick. But Onyi, I'll hand it over to you to go But Onyi, I'll hand it over to you to go But Onyi, I'll hand it over to you to go into our top 10 finalists. into our top 10 finalists. into our top 10 finalists. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Yeah, hey everyone. Yeah, hey everyone. Yeah, hey everyone. I'm Onyi, API PM. And also I'm Onyi, API PM. And also I'm Onyi, API PM. And also want to demo your submissions, 10 want to demo your submissions, 10 want to demo your submissions, 10 finalists. Let me share my tab, go finalists. Let me share my tab, go finalists. Let me share my tab, go through the videos one by one. through the videos one by one. through the videos one by one. Uh Uh Uh So, let's start with this one. Hi everyone. We are digital workers. Hi everyone. We are digital workers. Hi everyone. We are digital workers. Today, we are presenting an AI UGC video Today, we are presenting an AI UGC video Today, we are presenting an AI UGC video factory. Our workflow that help us factory. Our workflow that help us factory. Our workflow that help us research trends, generate reals, research trends, generate reals, research trends, generate reals, reusable templates, and produce videos reusable templates, and produce videos reusable templates, and produce videos at scale. at scale. at scale. The idea is simple. Instead of creating The idea is simple. Instead of creating The idea is simple. Instead of creating every UGC video manually from scratch, every UGC video manually from scratch, every UGC video manually from scratch, we build a system that can learn from we build a system that can learn from we build a system that can learn from top-performing content, turns that a top-performing content, turns that a top-performing content, turns that a structure into templates, and then use structure into templates, and then use structure into templates, and then use those templates to generate new videos those templates to generate new videos those templates to generate new videos faster. Before we generate a final video, we Before we generate a final video, we Before we generate a final video, we need to create the templates. We start need to create the templates. We start need to create the templates. We start by researching for top-performing TikTok by researching for top-performing TikTok by researching for top-performing TikTok videos. Then we extract the transcripts videos. Then we extract the transcripts videos. Then we extract the transcripts and use those transcripts to generate a and use those transcripts to generate a and use those transcripts to generate a storyboard candidates. Once we choose a storyboard candidates. Once we choose a storyboard candidates. Once we choose a storyboard, we split it into individual storyboard, we split it into individual storyboard, we split it into individual scenes. From there, we separate the scenes. From there, we separate the scenes. From there, we separate the supporting visual elements from the main supporting visual elements from the main supporting visual elements from the main image, so we can use the character of image, so we can use the character of image, so we can use the character of our avatar separately from the overlays. our avatar separately from the overlays. our avatar separately from the overlays. That give us two reusable assets. That give us two reusable assets. That give us two reusable assets. Once the agent scenes videos are ready, Once the agent scenes videos are ready, Once the agent scenes videos are ready, we use GPT together with the HTML we use GPT together with the HTML we use GPT together with the HTML template to create the hyperframe template to create the hyperframe template to create the hyperframe scenes. scenes. scenes. Now, let me show you how this works in Now, let me show you how this works in Now, let me show you how this works in the terminal. the terminal. the terminal. We created a CLI that takes a topic or a We created a CLI that takes a topic or a We created a CLI that takes a topic or a script as input. script as input. script as input. First, it generates the content plan, First, it generates the content plan, First, it generates the content plan, which includes the captions for each which includes the captions for each which includes the captions for each scene. scene. scene. Then it fills the agent template Then it fills the agent template Then it fills the agent template variables and it starts rendering the variables and it starts rendering the variables and it starts rendering the scene videos. In this demo, we are scene videos. In this demo, we are scene videos. In this demo, we are running multiple trends at the same running multiple trends at the same running multiple trends at the same time, so several scenes are being time, so several scenes are being time, so several scenes are being generated in parallel. After the scene videos are generated, we After the scene videos are generated, we After the scene videos are generated, we transcribe each one using Deepgram. transcribe each one using Deepgram. transcribe each one using Deepgram. This give us word-level timestamps. This give us word-level timestamps. This give us word-level timestamps. That This because we can sync the That This because we can sync the That This because we can sync the captions exactly with the words being captions exactly with the words being captions exactly with the words being spoken in the video instead of just spoken in the video instead of just spoken in the video instead of just showing a static text on screen. showing a static text on screen. showing a static text on screen. Now, let's look at the final result. Now, let's look at the final result. Now, let's look at the final result. It's 2026. So, why are we still choosing It's 2026. So, why are we still choosing It's 2026. So, why are we still choosing regular soda? Most traditional sodas are regular soda? Most traditional sodas are regular soda? Most traditional sodas are packed with sugar, like 39 g in one can. packed with sugar, like 39 g in one can. packed with sugar, like 39 g in one can. That's why I switched to Zero Plus. Zero That's why I switched to Zero Plus. Zero That's why I switched to Zero Plus. Zero sugar, way fewer calories, no crash, and sugar, way fewer calories, no crash, and sugar, way fewer calories, no crash, and ingredients that actually feel better. ingredients that actually feel better. ingredients that actually feel better. And the best part? It still tastes like And the best part? It still tastes like And the best part? It still tastes like real soda. Look at the numbers. Zero real soda. Look at the numbers. Zero real soda. Look at the numbers. Zero Plus gives you the flavor without all Plus gives you the flavor without all Plus gives you the flavor without all the sugar. Warm Zero Plus wins for me. the sugar. Warm Zero Plus wins for me. the sugar. Warm Zero Plus wins for me. It's clean, refreshing, and guilt-free. It's clean, refreshing, and guilt-free. It's clean, refreshing, and guilt-free. Easy choice. Drink better, feel better. Easy choice. Drink better, feel better. Easy choice. Drink better, feel better. Let me know in the comments which flavor Let me know in the comments which flavor Let me know in the comments which flavor you'd try first. you'd try first. you'd try first. A few things are happening under the A few things are happening under the A few things are happening under the hood. We use GSAP hood. We use GSAP hood. We use GSAP to animate the visual elements on top of to animate the visual elements on top of to animate the visual elements on top of the video. We use JavaScript animation the video. We use JavaScript animation the video. We use JavaScript animation for dynamic elements like counters or for dynamic elements like counters or for dynamic elements like counters or charts. charts. charts. We use Deepgram for timestamp captions, We use Deepgram for timestamp captions, We use Deepgram for timestamp captions, and we use 3GS for animated background and we use 3GS for animated background and we use 3GS for animated background elements and 3D visuals inside the elements and 3D visuals inside the elements and 3D visuals inside the Hyperframes scene. Hyperframes scene. Hyperframes scene. Okay, to recap, we built an AI UGC video Okay, to recap, we built an AI UGC video Okay, to recap, we built an AI UGC video factory. The first part of the system factory. The first part of the system factory. The first part of the system researches and deconstructs existing researches and deconstructs existing researches and deconstructs existing videos to create reusable templates. The videos to create reusable templates. The videos to create reusable templates. The second part uses those templates to second part uses those templates to second part uses those templates to generate new UGC videos from a topic or generate new UGC videos from a topic or generate new UGC videos from a topic or a script. And by combining GPT, HeyGen, a script. And by combining GPT, HeyGen, a script. And by combining GPT, HeyGen, Hyperframes, Deepgram, GSAP, JavaScript, Hyperframes, Deepgram, GSAP, JavaScript, Hyperframes, Deepgram, GSAP, JavaScript, and 3GS, we can move from idea to final and 3GS, we can move from idea to final and 3GS, we can move from idea to final video much faster. Thank you. video much faster. Thank you. video much faster. Thank you. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. That was a great demo. That was a great demo. That was a great demo. Let's go to the next one. Uh Let's go to the next one. Uh Let's go to the next one. Uh Sharing the tab. Sharing the tab. Sharing the tab. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hyper Yeah, this. Hello. So, this is my demo for the Hello. So, this is my demo for the Hello. So, this is my demo for the HeyGen hackathon. I created a product HeyGen hackathon. I created a product HeyGen hackathon. I created a product called DemoGenie. It helps users to called DemoGenie. It helps users to called DemoGenie. It helps users to essentially essentially essentially For those who ship ship quickly and For those who ship ship quickly and For those who ship ship quickly and um don't have time to make create um don't have time to make create um don't have time to make create product demos for each update they do product demos for each update they do product demos for each update they do and each change log they do, and each change log they do, and each change log they do, um my application, Demo Genie, um my application, Demo Genie, um my application, Demo Genie, essentially takes that and lets them essentially takes that and lets them essentially takes that and lets them like put in a few inputs and get a like put in a few inputs and get a like put in a few inputs and get a product demo output. product demo output. product demo output. So, I have some Here I have some So, I have some Here I have some So, I have some Here I have some fillers already. Um we could we've seen fillers already. Um we could we've seen fillers already. Um we could we've seen HeyGen, and then HeyGen, and then HeyGen, and then we see demo library, and then once you we see demo library, and then once you we see demo library, and then once you prompt everything prompt everything prompt everything with the generate demo button, you are with the generate demo button, you are with the generate demo button, you are able to watch the video. able to watch the video. able to watch the video. &gt;&gt; Your product shipped. The readme is &gt;&gt; Your product shipped. The readme is &gt;&gt; Your product shipped. The readme is ready. The change log is detailed. And ready. The change log is detailed. And ready. The change log is detailed. And this is all from this is all from this is all from just the prompt. So, all you need is to just the prompt. So, all you need is to just the prompt. So, all you need is to fill out the inputs and you get clean fill out the inputs and you get clean fill out the inputs and you get clean outputs. outputs. outputs. &gt;&gt; HeyGen turns that context into a &gt;&gt; HeyGen turns that context into a &gt;&gt; HeyGen turns that context into a studio-quality avatar video. A human studio-quality avatar video. A human studio-quality avatar video. A human presenter, crisp product beats, presenter, crisp product beats, presenter, crisp product beats, brand-aware pacing, and multilingual brand-aware pacing, and multilingual brand-aware pacing, and multilingual ready composition. And ready composition. And ready composition. And &gt;&gt; Generated from one focused prompt. So, &gt;&gt; Generated from one focused prompt. So, &gt;&gt; Generated from one focused prompt. So, that's pretty much the gist of it, and that's pretty much the gist of it, and that's pretty much the gist of it, and then you could see the problem then you could see the problem then you could see the problem solution, close, export video, copy solution, close, export video, copy solution, close, export video, copy link, and then this is just to give you link, and then this is just to give you link, and then this is just to give you a next steps to do with your video. a next steps to do with your video. a next steps to do with your video. Yeah, so this is my submission for the Yeah, so this is my submission for the Yeah, so this is my submission for the hackathon. Thank you. hackathon. Thank you. hackathon. Thank you. Awesome. This was also really great Awesome. This was also really great Awesome. This was also really great demo. Uh let me share the next one. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, I couldn't find the actual demo, but So, I couldn't find the actual demo, but So, I couldn't find the actual demo, but uh this is in their uh Twitter post. uh this is in their uh Twitter post. uh this is in their uh Twitter post. Let's just Let's just Let's just The same story can sound like three The same story can sound like three The same story can sound like three completely different stories. We're completely different stories. We're completely different stories. We're stuck in echo chambers. So, I built Prism, three AI anchors on So, I built Prism, three AI anchors on So, I built Prism, three AI anchors on one screen. Every perspective on the one screen. Every perspective on the one screen. Every perspective on the same story. Drop in any URL. Drop in any URL. Drop in any URL. The desk extracts the story and The desk extracts the story and The desk extracts the story and generates left, right, and neutral generates left, right, and neutral generates left, right, and neutral framings automatically. An LLM picks who speaks next based on An LLM picks who speaks next based on An LLM picks who speaks next based on what was just said. Anchors actually what was just said. Anchors actually what was just said. Anchors actually respond to each other. Did I mute it? Or no? Did I mute it? Or no? Did I mute it? Or no? I didn't mute it. I didn't mute it. I didn't mute it. The video doesn't have sound. Okay, the video doesn't have sound. Okay, the video doesn't have sound. Okay, the video doesn't have sound. Uh This is a skip this demo. I don't know This is a skip this demo. I don't know This is a skip this demo. I don't know what's the problem with this, but the what's the problem with this, but the what's the problem with this, but the video doesn't have have the sound. video doesn't have have the sound. video doesn't have have the sound. Uh let me go through the next one. Uh let me go through the next one. Uh let me go through the next one. Uh This is the next video. This is the next video. This is the next video. Oh, this is really cool demo. I like it. We need to implement a feature delta We need to implement a feature delta We need to implement a feature delta toggle that forces the AI avatars to toggle that forces the AI avatars to toggle that forces the AI avatars to simulate product performance under simulate product performance under simulate product performance under varying latency constraints. varying latency constraints. varying latency constraints. This helps founders see if their UI This helps founders see if their UI This helps founders see if their UI breaks when LLM tokens lag, though it breaks when LLM tokens lag, though it breaks when LLM tokens lag, though it risks alienating non-technical users who risks alienating non-technical users who risks alienating non-technical users who just want a clean pitch. Kendrick, just want a clean pitch. Kendrick, just want a clean pitch. Kendrick, should we prioritize a feature that should we prioritize a feature that should we prioritize a feature that stresses the back end or focus on the UX stresses the back end or focus on the UX stresses the back end or focus on the UX of the live voting widget? Drake, obsessing over latency during a Drake, obsessing over latency during a Drake, obsessing over latency during a pitch demo ignores the visceral need for pitch demo ignores the visceral need for pitch demo ignores the visceral need for users to feel that the AI is actually users to feel that the AI is actually users to feel that the AI is actually listening to their specific startup. We listening to their specific startup. We listening to their specific startup. We should prioritize an interrupt to pivot should prioritize an interrupt to pivot should prioritize an interrupt to pivot feature, allowing users to pause the feature, allowing users to pause the feature, allowing users to pause the debate and inject a new constraint debate and inject a new constraint debate and inject a new constraint mid-flow. This keeps the experience mid-flow. This keeps the experience mid-flow. This keeps the experience interactive, but does this level of interactive, but does this level of interactive, but does this level of dynamic prompting risk breaking your dynamic prompting risk breaking your dynamic prompting risk breaking your back end stability? So, two agents are talking together um So, two agents are talking together um So, two agents are talking together um and it was also really cool to interact and it was also really cool to interact and it was also really cool to interact with this software. with this software. with this software. Uh let me share the next demo. FrameLab. Hello everyone. My name is Bharat. I'm Hello everyone. My name is Bharat. I'm Hello everyone. My name is Bharat. I'm from Berlin, Germany. from Berlin, Germany. from Berlin, Germany. Every company, every startup has Every company, every startup has Every company, every startup has different metrics. Be it weekly active different metrics. Be it weekly active different metrics. Be it weekly active users, daily active users, MRR, ARR, users, daily active users, MRR, ARR, users, daily active users, MRR, ARR, there are different metrics. But all there are different metrics. But all there are different metrics. But all these metrics are called as North Star these metrics are called as North Star these metrics are called as North Star metrics. metrics. metrics. The main purpose of this North Star The main purpose of this North Star The main purpose of this North Star metrics is for the employees to get metrics is for the employees to get metrics is for the employees to get their employees to work towards this one their employees to work towards this one their employees to work towards this one particular goal. particular goal. particular goal. That's not all. These North Star metrics That's not all. These North Star metrics That's not all. These North Star metrics serve towards the entire company's goals serve towards the entire company's goals serve towards the entire company's goals so that everyone can strive towards the so that everyone can strive towards the so that everyone can strive towards the this particular goal. this particular goal. this particular goal. But these metrics are often presented in But these metrics are often presented in But these metrics are often presented in monthly, daily meetings. But the users monthly, daily meetings. But the users monthly, daily meetings. But the users are not that actively engaged with this are not that actively engaged with this are not that actively engaged with this particular metrics. So, I've built an particular metrics. So, I've built an particular metrics. So, I've built an app called FrameLab. app called FrameLab. app called FrameLab. So, let's see how it works. So, let's see how it works. So, let's see how it works. FrameLab. FrameLab. FrameLab. I've started the generation. I've started the generation. I've started the generation. And here's the hyperframe video for that And here's the hyperframe video for that And here's the hyperframe video for that particular scene. particular scene. particular scene. It's a Mac OS app where it connects to It's a Mac OS app where it connects to It's a Mac OS app where it connects to the Post talk and gets all the the Post talk and gets all the the Post talk and gets all the metrics, creates a script, gives it to metrics, creates a script, gives it to metrics, creates a script, gives it to agent, and the avatar narrates the agent, and the avatar narrates the agent, and the avatar narrates the script, and then Hyper Hyper frame script, and then Hyper Hyper frame script, and then Hyper Hyper frame creates this visualization from the Post creates this visualization from the Post creates this visualization from the Post talk metrics, and then sends it to the talk metrics, and then sends it to the talk metrics, and then sends it to the Slack via the message directly to the Slack via the message directly to the Slack via the message directly to the employees so that they are actively employees so that they are actively employees so that they are actively engaged. So, when they come to the engaged. So, when they come to the engaged. So, when they come to the office, they have this video already in office, they have this video already in office, they have this video already in their chat waiting to be viewed. their chat waiting to be viewed. their chat waiting to be viewed. Let's see. So, we got the message on the Let's see. So, we got the message on the Let's see. So, we got the message on the Slack. Slack. Slack. Uh we got the Uh we got the Uh we got the numbers. Let's see for the video. numbers. Let's see for the video. numbers. Let's see for the video. So, here's the video. So, here's the video. So, here's the video. Make it bigger. Good morning, team. Here's your weekly Good morning, team. Here's your weekly Good morning, team. Here's your weekly Frame Lab brief. Daily active users Frame Lab brief. Daily active users Frame Lab brief. Daily active users climbed to 109 this week, peaking at 146 climbed to 109 this week, peaking at 146 climbed to 109 this week, peaking at 146 on Friday. That's up 6% week-over-week. on Friday. That's up 6% week-over-week. on Friday. That's up 6% week-over-week. Monthly recurring revenue is now 11.5 Monthly recurring revenue is now 11.5 Monthly recurring revenue is now 11.5 thousand per month, putting our annual thousand per month, putting our annual thousand per month, putting our annual run rate above 137.5 thousand. Quick run rate above 137.5 thousand. Quick run rate above 137.5 thousand. Quick snapshot from the last 30 days. 109 snapshot from the last 30 days. 109 snapshot from the last 30 days. 109 daily active, 491 weekly active, 11.5 daily active, 491 weekly active, 11.5 daily active, 491 weekly active, 11.5 thousand in MRR, and 137.5 thousand ARR. thousand in MRR, and 137.5 thousand ARR. thousand in MRR, and 137.5 thousand ARR. We added 349 new sign-ups and 41 paid We added 349 new sign-ups and 41 paid We added 349 new sign-ups and 41 paid customers. Have a great week. customers. Have a great week. customers. Have a great week. Yeah, so that's the video which just Yeah, so that's the video which just Yeah, so that's the video which just automatically automatically automatically comes to your Slack, and then you can comes to your Slack, and then you can comes to your Slack, and then you can also set to which time that also set to which time that also set to which time that the message needs to be sent, and as the message needs to be sent, and as the message needs to be sent, and as well as which channel this needs to be well as which channel this needs to be well as which channel this needs to be sent. sent. sent. Here we have connected Post talk and Here we have connected Post talk and Here we have connected Post talk and used HeyGen for the video generation and used HeyGen for the video generation and used HeyGen for the video generation and Hyper frame for the visualizations. Um Hyper frame for the visualizations. Um Hyper frame for the visualizations. Um and yeah, the app is also on GitHub. You and yeah, the app is also on GitHub. You and yeah, the app is also on GitHub. You can test it out. can test it out. can test it out. Yeah, that's about it. Thank you, and um Yeah, that's about it. Thank you, and um Yeah, that's about it. Thank you, and um all the best. all the best. all the best. Awesome. So, that's Awesome. So, that's Awesome. So, that's Hi Frame Labs. Let me go through the Hi Frame Labs. Let me go through the Hi Frame Labs. Let me go through the next one. Repo Real. Repo Real turns any GitHub repo into a Repo Real turns any GitHub repo into a Repo Real turns any GitHub repo into a presentable video walkthrough. It's a presentable video walkthrough. It's a presentable video walkthrough. It's a Claude code skill. You type {slash} Claude code skill. You type {slash} Claude code skill. You type {slash} reporeal, then a GitHub URL. The skill reporeal, then a GitHub URL. The skill reporeal, then a GitHub URL. The skill reads the repo, plans three scenes, reads the repo, plans three scenes, reads the repo, plans three scenes, renders them with HeyGen avatar 4, and renders them with HeyGen avatar 4, and renders them with HeyGen avatar 4, and stitches the result into a hyperframes stitches the result into a hyperframes stitches the result into a hyperframes video you can share anywhere. video you can share anywhere. video you can share anywhere. Under the hood, Claude does the heavy Under the hood, Claude does the heavy Under the hood, Claude does the heavy lifting. It fetches the repo metadata lifting. It fetches the repo metadata lifting. It fetches the repo metadata and the read me. It writes the and the read me. It writes the and the read me. It writes the narration. Then, a tiny bash helper narration. Then, a tiny bash helper narration. Then, a tiny bash helper calls HeyGen's video API for each scene. calls HeyGen's video API for each scene. calls HeyGen's video API for each scene. Finally, hyperframes assembles the Finally, hyperframes assembles the Finally, hyperframes assembles the scenes into one deterministic MP4. No scenes into one deterministic MP4. No scenes into one deterministic MP4. No back end, no build step, just a markdown back end, no build step, just a markdown back end, no build step, just a markdown skill file. skill file. skill file. To try RepoReal, install the skill from To try RepoReal, install the skill from To try RepoReal, install the skill from the Anthropic skills marketplace. Add the Anthropic skills marketplace. Add the Anthropic skills marketplace. Add your HeyGen API key. Then, pick any your HeyGen API key. Then, pick any your HeyGen API key. Then, pick any public GitHub project, paste the URL, public GitHub project, paste the URL, public GitHub project, paste the URL, and let Claude do the rest. 3 minutes and let Claude do the rest. 3 minutes and let Claude do the rest. 3 minutes later, you have a shareable video about later, you have a shareable video about later, you have a shareable video about your repo. That's the whole product. Great. The next one. Oh, I think Oh, I think Oh, I think this this this Okay, so this is the RepoReal. Okay, so this is the RepoReal. Okay, so this is the RepoReal. Let me Let me Let me Let's try. Let's try. Let's try. Okay, so this one. Okay, so this one. Okay, so this one. Every day, millions of students do this. Every day, millions of students do this. Every day, millions of students do this. They take a photo of their homework, They take a photo of their homework, They take a photo of their homework, upload it to an app, and get the answer upload it to an app, and get the answer upload it to an app, and get the answer in 2 seconds. in 2 seconds. in 2 seconds. Correct answer? Correct answer? Correct answer? Zero learning. Zero learning. Zero learning. What if instead of giving the answer, we What if instead of giving the answer, we What if instead of giving the answer, we force the student to think to unlock it? force the student to think to unlock it? force the student to think to unlock it? According to a Best Colleges survey, one According to a Best Colleges survey, one According to a Best Colleges survey, one in five college students use AI tools to in five college students use AI tools to in five college students use AI tools to complete their school work, and nearly complete their school work, and nearly complete their school work, and nearly half of them submit the work with little half of them submit the work with little half of them submit the work with little or no edits. or no edits. or no edits. These tools hand out solutions, but they These tools hand out solutions, but they These tools hand out solutions, but they don't teach how to reason. don't teach how to reason. don't teach how to reason. We built Think First, an interactive We built Think First, an interactive We built Think First, an interactive video tutor that turns any math problem video tutor that turns any math problem video tutor that turns any math problem into a guided step-by-step experience. into a guided step-by-step experience. into a guided step-by-step experience. The student pastes the exercise. Our AI The student pastes the exercise. Our AI The student pastes the exercise. Our AI generates a full animated video lesson generates a full animated video lesson generates a full animated video lesson with a tutor avatar, narrated with a tutor avatar, narrated with a tutor avatar, narrated explanations, and visual math explanations, and visual math explanations, and visual math animations. animations. animations. But, here's the key. But, here's the key. But, here's the key. The video pauses at critical moments and The video pauses at critical moments and The video pauses at critical moments and asks the student a question. asks the student a question. asks the student a question. They have to type the correct answer to They have to type the correct answer to They have to type the correct answer to unlock the next step. unlock the next step. unlock the next step. If they struggle, Think First interacts If they struggle, Think First interacts If they struggle, Think First interacts with them, giving hints and guiding with them, giving hints and guiding with them, giving hints and guiding their reasoning until they work out the their reasoning until they work out the their reasoning until they work out the answer themselves. answer themselves. answer themselves. The student doesn't just watch, they The student doesn't just watch, they The student doesn't just watch, they interact, they think, and they prove interact, they think, and they prove interact, they think, and they prove understanding before moving forward. understanding before moving forward. understanding before moving forward. Let's see it in action. Let's solve this step-by-step. On Let's solve this step-by-step. On Let's solve this step-by-step. On screen, we have 2 * the quantity x - 3 + screen, we have 2 * the quantity x - 3 + screen, we have 2 * the quantity x - 3 + 5 = x + 9. First, distribute the two 5 = x + 9. First, distribute the two 5 = x + 9. First, distribute the two across the parentheses. What does the across the parentheses. What does the across the parentheses. What does the left side become? Distribute two to both terms. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Now, the equation is 2x - 6 + 5 = x + 9. Now, the equation is 2x - 6 + 5 = x + 9. Now, the equation is 2x - 6 + 5 = x + 9. Combine the constants on the left. What Combine the constants on the left. What Combine the constants on the left. What simpler equation do you get? Nice work. Now, subtract x from both Nice work. Now, subtract x from both Nice work. Now, subtract x from both sides, so all the variable terms are sides, so all the variable terms are sides, so all the variable terms are together. What does that give you. So, to save time, I So, to save time, I So, to save time, I &gt;&gt; Add 10, 20. One last move, 14, then plus &gt;&gt; Add 10, 20. One last move, 14, then plus &gt;&gt; Add 10, 20. One last move, 14, then plus five is 19, and 10 plus nine is also 19. five is 19, and 10 plus nine is also 19. five is 19, and 10 plus nine is also 19. So, the solution is x equals 10. How does it work under the hood? It's an How does it work under the hood? It's an How does it work under the hood? It's an orchestration of four technologies. orchestration of four technologies. orchestration of four technologies. HyperFrames is the main visual engine. HyperFrames is the main visual engine. HyperFrames is the main visual engine. It generates math animations in HTML, It generates math animations in HTML, It generates math animations in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, synchronized to the CSS, and JavaScript, synchronized to the CSS, and JavaScript, synchronized to the millisecond with the audio. millisecond with the audio. millisecond with the audio. H-agent generates the voice narration H-agent generates the voice narration H-agent generates the voice narration and the tutor avatar that guides the and the tutor avatar that guides the and the tutor avatar that guides the student through every step. 11 Labs student through every step. 11 Labs student through every step. 11 Labs provides the word-by-word timestamps we provides the word-by-word timestamps we provides the word-by-word timestamps we need for perfect audio synchronization. need for perfect audio synchronization. need for perfect audio synchronization. And everything runs on Next.js with And everything runs on Next.js with And everything runs on Next.js with Azure Open AI agents that orchestrate Azure Open AI agents that orchestrate Azure Open AI agents that orchestrate the complete pipeline, from exercise the complete pipeline, from exercise the complete pipeline, from exercise analysis to final render. Each stage is analysis to final render. Each stage is analysis to final render. Each stage is a specialized agent. The script agent a specialized agent. The script agent a specialized agent. The script agent understands pedagogy. The timeline agent understands pedagogy. The timeline agent understands pedagogy. The timeline agent understands visual rhythm. The understands visual rhythm. The understands visual rhythm. The HyperFrames agent generates production HyperFrames agent generates production HyperFrames agent generates production code. code. code. So, what makes Think First different? So, what makes Think First different? So, what makes Think First different? Every lesson is generated on the fly Every lesson is generated on the fly Every lesson is generated on the fly from any math problem. from any math problem. from any math problem. Every explanation comes with animated Every explanation comes with animated Every explanation comes with animated visuals and a tutor avatar. And the visuals and a tutor avatar. And the visuals and a tutor avatar. And the student can't just skip ahead. They student can't just skip ahead. They student can't just skip ahead. They interact with the video, answer interact with the video, answer interact with the video, answer questions at checkpoints, and only move questions at checkpoints, and only move questions at checkpoints, and only move forward when they actually understand. forward when they actually understand. forward when they actually understand. It's not a solver that gives you the It's not a solver that gives you the It's not a solver that gives you the answer. It's a study experience that answer. It's a study experience that answer. It's a study experience that makes sure you own it. Any student can makes sure you own it. Any student can makes sure you own it. Any student can get that x equals 10. We make sure they get that x equals 10. We make sure they get that x equals 10. We make sure they understand why. understand why. understand why. Think First. Think First. Think First. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. So, that's that. Let me So, that's that. Let me So, that's that. Let me again again again go through the next video. This is the next video. This is the This is the next video. This is the This is the next video. This is the homepage for Infinite Jury. When I worked at a big law firm, we had When I worked at a big law firm, we had When I worked at a big law firm, we had everything: mock juries, focus groups, everything: mock juries, focus groups, everything: mock juries, focus groups, expert consultants. expert consultants. expert consultants. But then, I decided to go solo, and But then, I decided to go solo, and But then, I decided to go solo, and suddenly all those big firm resources suddenly all those big firm resources suddenly all those big firm resources vanished. That's when I found Infinite vanished. That's when I found Infinite vanished. That's when I found Infinite Jury. Now, I test my arguments with real Jury. Now, I test my arguments with real Jury. Now, I test my arguments with real jurors customized to my case before I jurors customized to my case before I jurors customized to my case before I ever step foot in court. Big firm trial ever step foot in court. Big firm trial ever step foot in court. Big firm trial prep power, a fraction of the cost. prep power, a fraction of the cost. prep power, a fraction of the cost. That's infinite jury That's infinite jury That's infinite jury &gt;&gt; we have Jane lawyer logged in and these &gt;&gt; we have Jane lawyer logged in and these &gt;&gt; we have Jane lawyer logged in and these are all the cases she's prepared where are all the cases she's prepared where are all the cases she's prepared where she's had avatars argue the pro and con she's had avatars argue the pro and con she's had avatars argue the pro and con of a legal issue that she wants the of a legal issue that she wants the of a legal issue that she wants the jurors to rule on to give her insights jurors to rule on to give her insights jurors to rule on to give her insights as to how to refine her argument. So one as to how to refine her argument. So one as to how to refine her argument. So one of the cases for example that's in of the cases for example that's in of the cases for example that's in progress has all these opportunities to progress has all these opportunities to progress has all these opportunities to add data. She can add some additional add data. She can add some additional add data. She can add some additional facts here to the overall legal issue facts here to the overall legal issue facts here to the overall legal issue which in this case is a slip and fall in which in this case is a slip and fall in which in this case is a slip and fall in a parking lot. She then can describe the a parking lot. She then can describe the a parking lot. She then can describe the avatar with a natural language query avatar with a natural language query avatar with a natural language query that it'll produce or she can choose that it'll produce or she can choose that it'll produce or she can choose from the HeyGen avatars that are from the HeyGen avatars that are from the HeyGen avatars that are available that she can pull from here. available that she can pull from here. available that she can pull from here. Once she's described them, she hits this Once she's described them, she hits this Once she's described them, she hits this generate draft arguments function and it generate draft arguments function and it generate draft arguments function and it will go ahead and use an LLM to create will go ahead and use an LLM to create will go ahead and use an LLM to create the four and the against argument the four and the against argument the four and the against argument scripts that will be used to generate scripts that will be used to generate scripts that will be used to generate the two avatars down here where she's the two avatars down here where she's the two avatars down here where she's clicking these buttons at the bottom. clicking these buttons at the bottom. clicking these buttons at the bottom. This sample case is a a non-compete This sample case is a a non-compete This sample case is a a non-compete clause case and once the lawyer has set clause case and once the lawyer has set clause case and once the lawyer has set it up and created the avatars, they can it up and created the avatars, they can it up and created the avatars, they can go to a juror setup and from here they go to a juror setup and from here they go to a juror setup and from here they have the opportunity to choose jurors have the opportunity to choose jurors have the opportunity to choose jurors according to either a according to either a according to either a AI prompt that they put in here for the AI prompt that they put in here for the AI prompt that they put in here for the type of demographics, man, woman, ages, type of demographics, man, woman, ages, type of demographics, man, woman, ages, education, things like that. They can go education, things like that. They can go education, things like that. They can go here and select a whole series of here and select a whole series of here and select a whole series of characteristics and select them manually characteristics and select them manually characteristics and select them manually and then they can even go down here and and then they can even go down here and and then they can even go down here and look at the profiles of the various look at the profiles of the various look at the profiles of the various jurors and just check them off. How many jurors and just check them off. How many jurors and just check them off. How many do they want? They can have one, two, as do they want? They can have one, two, as do they want? They can have one, two, as many jurors as we have in the system. many jurors as we have in the system. many jurors as we have in the system. And then once they've selected those And then once they've selected those And then once they've selected those jurors, jurors, jurors, on the juror side they get notified that on the juror side they get notified that on the juror side they get notified that they have been selected for a case and they have been selected for a case and they have been selected for a case and then they can choose to go in and review then they can choose to go in and review then they can choose to go in and review the arguments on both sides. the arguments on both sides. the arguments on both sides. This is a juror login. Morgan Hayes is This is a juror login. Morgan Hayes is This is a juror login. Morgan Hayes is the juror and she has three different the juror and she has three different the juror and she has three different cases that she she's either weighed in cases that she she's either weighed in cases that she she's either weighed in on both of the avatars and decided who on both of the avatars and decided who on both of the avatars and decided who she was more persuaded by or she's she was more persuaded by or she's she was more persuaded by or she's pending feedback she has to get in into pending feedback she has to get in into pending feedback she has to get in into that one and make her decision. So for that one and make her decision. So for that one and make her decision. So for example, this one is a free speech case example, this one is a free speech case example, this one is a free speech case and the lawyer who set this one up and the lawyer who set this one up and the lawyer who set this one up decided they wanted an avatar that decided they wanted an avatar that decided they wanted an avatar that looked this way for one side and this looked this way for one side and this looked this way for one side and this way for the other side. The event not way for the other side. The event not way for the other side. The event not sponsored by the college. sponsored by the college. sponsored by the college. The private employee performing The private employee performing The private employee performing interchangeable labor. So, they can then interchangeable labor. So, they can then interchangeable labor. So, they can then watch both videos. They have to select watch both videos. They have to select watch both videos. They have to select these various criteria characteristics. these various criteria characteristics. these various criteria characteristics. They have to choose up to three of the They have to choose up to three of the They have to choose up to three of the arguments on both sides they thought arguments on both sides they thought arguments on both sides they thought were most persuasive. And then they're were most persuasive. And then they're were most persuasive. And then they're only allowed to put in suggestions for only allowed to put in suggestions for only allowed to put in suggestions for improvement, which is required once improvement, which is required once improvement, which is required once they've watched both videos. they've watched both videos. they've watched both videos. And finally, they choose whether the And finally, they choose whether the And finally, they choose whether the proposition or the opposition was more proposition or the opposition was more proposition or the opposition was more persuasive and they update their persuasive and they update their persuasive and they update their feedback. And here we have the LLM is feedback. And here we have the LLM is feedback. And here we have the LLM is secretly putting in an argument on both secretly putting in an argument on both secretly putting in an argument on both sides here that wasn't actually made by sides here that wasn't actually made by sides here that wasn't actually made by either one of the avatars just to check either one of the avatars just to check either one of the avatars just to check if the user is randomly picking if the user is randomly picking if the user is randomly picking arguments and not actually thoughtfully arguments and not actually thoughtfully arguments and not actually thoughtfully reviewing the videos. reviewing the videos. reviewing the videos. And finally, going back to Gene Lawyer, And finally, going back to Gene Lawyer, And finally, going back to Gene Lawyer, she also has the ability she also has the ability she also has the ability looking at this sample case to go in and looking at this sample case to go in and looking at this sample case to go in and look at the case and also look at look at the case and also look at look at the case and also look at analytics related to the case so she can analytics related to the case so she can analytics related to the case so she can make a determination what was most make a determination what was most make a determination what was most persuasive, what did the 20 respondents persuasive, what did the 20 respondents persuasive, what did the 20 respondents score her, did they favor the score her, did they favor the score her, did they favor the proposition or not, and then she can proposition or not, and then she can proposition or not, and then she can even filter it based on what did all the even filter it based on what did all the even filter it based on what did all the male jurors decide and how did they make male jurors decide and how did they make male jurors decide and how did they make determinations about what was determinations about what was determinations about what was persuasive. She can then filter it by persuasive. She can then filter it by persuasive. She can then filter it by the ages of those jurors as that, you the ages of those jurors as that, you the ages of those jurors as that, you know, as that applies to the data as know, as that applies to the data as know, as that applies to the data as well. And then get some analytics to well. And then get some analytics to well. And then get some analytics to refine her argument or maybe even decide refine her argument or maybe even decide refine her argument or maybe even decide which juror she's going to pick or not which juror she's going to pick or not which juror she's going to pick or not choose for this particular jury based on choose for this particular jury based on choose for this particular jury based on the results of the analysis of her the results of the analysis of her the results of the analysis of her arguments. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Uh so, you only have two more demos. Uh so, you only have two more demos. Uh so, you only have two more demos. Or Or Or uh let me share this one. This is sure. uh let me share this one. This is sure. uh let me share this one. This is sure. Hi Orlando. This is Leo's from Left Hi Orlando. This is Leo's from Left Hi Orlando. This is Leo's from Left Click. I saw your first AI video with Click. I saw your first AI video with Click. I saw your first AI video with Trip and honestly, the fact that you Trip and honestly, the fact that you Trip and honestly, the fact that you built a recurring character with branded built a recurring character with branded built a recurring character with branded shirts on the first attempt tells me shirts on the first attempt tells me shirts on the first attempt tells me content is something you're thinking content is something you're thinking content is something you're thinking about seriously. The hard part isn't the about seriously. The hard part isn't the about seriously. The hard part isn't the idea though. It's producing enough of it idea though. It's producing enough of it idea though. It's producing enough of it consistently without it eating your consistently without it eating your consistently without it eating your week. I'll build you a content week. I'll build you a content week. I'll build you a content automation system tailored to Raised by automation system tailored to Raised by automation system tailored to Raised by Coyotes completely free and have a Coyotes completely free and have a Coyotes completely free and have a working version in front of you within 5 working version in front of you within 5 working version in front of you within 5 days. If it fits, we talk. If not, no days. If it fits, we talk. If not, no days. If it fits, we talk. If not, no obligation. Just say yes and I'll get obligation. Just say yes and I'll get obligation. Just say yes and I'll get started. Hi Orlando. This So, uh let me started. Hi Orlando. This So, uh let me started. Hi Orlando. This So, uh let me see if it has two videos. No, it doesn't see if it has two videos. No, it doesn't see if it has two videos. No, it doesn't have two videos, but basically it was a have two videos, but basically it was a have two videos, but basically it was a content automation content automation content automation uh platform. uh platform. uh platform. So, So, So, and the last one, Pitch frame. Busy week? Crowded fridge? Forgotten Busy week? Crowded fridge? Forgotten Busy week? Crowded fridge? Forgotten groceries? groceries? groceries? PantryPills snaps your receipt, tracks PantryPills snaps your receipt, tracks PantryPills snaps your receipt, tracks what expires next, and turns what you what expires next, and turns what you what expires next, and turns what you already own into meal plans and a already own into meal plans and a already own into meal plans and a smarter shopping list. smarter shopping list. smarter shopping list. Cook with what you already have today. PantryPills is a focused wedge into PantryPills is a focused wedge into PantryPills is a focused wedge into repeatable go-to-market video generation repeatable go-to-market video generation repeatable go-to-market video generation for home food management. for home food management. for home food management. Receipt capture, expiry awareness, meal Receipt capture, expiry awareness, meal Receipt capture, expiry awareness, meal plans, and smarter lists. plans, and smarter lists. plans, and smarter lists. This is a scalable workflow worth a This is a scalable workflow worth a This is a scalable workflow worth a closer investor conversation. Awesome. Audrey, back to you. All right. All right. All right. Great demos. Great demos. Great demos. Thanks for running through those, Oni. Thanks for running through those, Oni. Thanks for running through those, Oni. Um Um Um what do people think? Drop in the what do people think? Drop in the what do people think? Drop in the comments. What do you guys think about the demos? What do you guys think about the demos? What do you guys think about the demos? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; I see a couple people Someone in the &gt;&gt; I see a couple people Someone in the &gt;&gt; I see a couple people Someone in the comments also says, "Say hi to Sushi." comments also says, "Say hi to Sushi." comments also says, "Say hi to Sushi." who is our hackathon dog mascot in the who is our hackathon dog mascot in the who is our hackathon dog mascot in the office in San Francisco. office in San Francisco. office in San Francisco. Um we will pass on your hello to Sushi. All right. Well, we've got All right. Well, we've got All right. Well, we've got three winners. three winners. three winners. They were in those demos. And we will And we will And we will announce them now. Oni, you want to do the honors of Oni, you want to do the honors of Oni, you want to do the honors of announcing uh each winner? Should Oh, okay. Should I do it? Should Oh, okay. Should I do it? Should Oh, okay. Should I do it? Just Just Just Audrey, do it. You want to give a Audrey, do it. You want to give a Audrey, do it. You want to give a shout-out? You want to give a little shout-out? You want to give a little shout-out? You want to give a little Maybe James, both of you. If you want to Maybe James, both of you. If you want to Maybe James, both of you. If you want to give any shout-outs to what you give any shout-outs to what you give any shout-outs to what you what you loved about Pitch Frame, our what you loved about Pitch Frame, our what you loved about Pitch Frame, our grand prize winner. Sure, I'll go. Um yeah, I think Pitch Sure, I'll go. Um yeah, I think Pitch Sure, I'll go. Um yeah, I think Pitch Frame in general uh congratulations on Frame in general uh congratulations on Frame in general uh congratulations on winning the grand prize. We really liked winning the grand prize. We really liked winning the grand prize. We really liked kind of the full-feature end end app kind of the full-feature end end app kind of the full-feature end end app that you built. I think in general, this that you built. I think in general, this that you built. I think in general, this is very close to a real product that is very close to a real product that is very close to a real product that could have been shipped, and people could have been shipped, and people could have been shipped, and people would potentially pay for. I think it would potentially pay for. I think it would potentially pay for. I think it utilized a number of Haydn technologies utilized a number of Haydn technologies utilized a number of Haydn technologies like our API and hyperframes. So, I like our API and hyperframes. So, I like our API and hyperframes. So, I think it was a culmination of the think it was a culmination of the think it was a culmination of the overall level of polish and quality and overall level of polish and quality and overall level of polish and quality and Haydn technologies that really pushed Haydn technologies that really pushed Haydn technologies that really pushed this one over the edge as the grand this one over the edge as the grand this one over the edge as the grand prize winner. prize winner. prize winner. Um as far as the best AI agent setup, Um as far as the best AI agent setup, Um as far as the best AI agent setup, Frame Lab it really showed Frame Lab it really showed Frame Lab it really showed deep agentic flow that we were deep agentic flow that we were deep agentic flow that we were proud of and thought was worth a mention proud of and thought was worth a mention proud of and thought was worth a mention here. It's something that we actually here. It's something that we actually here. It's something that we actually kind of do internally at HeyGen as well kind of do internally at HeyGen as well kind of do internally at HeyGen as well is utilize videos for is utilize videos for is utilize videos for distilling information on different distilling information on different distilling information on different metrics and documents and all of that. metrics and documents and all of that. metrics and documents and all of that. So, it's an agentic flow that we utilize So, it's an agentic flow that we utilize So, it's an agentic flow that we utilize here at HeyGen and we're really happy to here at HeyGen and we're really happy to here at HeyGen and we're really happy to see the Frame Lab developer see the Frame Lab developer see the Frame Lab developer showcase as a use case for other showcase as a use case for other showcase as a use case for other companies as well. And then lastly, companies as well. And then lastly, companies as well. And then lastly, uh uh uh best use of HeyGen in a product, Alpine best use of HeyGen in a product, Alpine best use of HeyGen in a product, Alpine Leaf Flow Leaf Flow Leaf Flow was really high quality output we felt was really high quality output we felt was really high quality output we felt like from the the product and the like from the the product and the like from the the product and the workflow that was put together there. workflow that was put together there. workflow that was put together there. It's something that we could actually It's something that we could actually It's something that we could actually see customers wanting to use and quickly see customers wanting to use and quickly see customers wanting to use and quickly picking up as well as its integration picking up as well as its integration picking up as well as its integration with a number of other things. So, in with a number of other things. So, in with a number of other things. So, in general the overall I guess quality of general the overall I guess quality of general the overall I guess quality of the output there was something that we the output there was something that we the output there was something that we thought was a great use of HeyGen in a thought was a great use of HeyGen in a thought was a great use of HeyGen in a product. But yeah, that's the main thing product. But yeah, that's the main thing product. But yeah, that's the main thing there. I guess Oni, anything else to to there. I guess Oni, anything else to to there. I guess Oni, anything else to to add? Anything you want to call out for add? Anything you want to call out for add? Anything you want to call out for any of those winners? So, one of the any of those winners? So, one of the any of those winners? So, one of the interesting thing for me was Frame Lab interesting thing for me was Frame Lab interesting thing for me was Frame Lab Frame Lab's project cuz exactly a day Frame Lab's project cuz exactly a day Frame Lab's project cuz exactly a day before I was trying to build the same before I was trying to build the same before I was trying to build the same thing with our internal workflow. And I thing with our internal workflow. And I thing with our internal workflow. And I wanted to like connect our Post Talk wanted to like connect our Post Talk wanted to like connect our Post Talk with HyperFrames and share some insights with HyperFrames and share some insights with HyperFrames and share some insights into our internal API channel. So, that into our internal API channel. So, that into our internal API channel. So, that was actually use case that we wanted to was actually use case that we wanted to was actually use case that we wanted to do as well and I I I am really happy do as well and I I I am really happy do as well and I I I am really happy that that that saw someone just built the exact saw someone just built the exact saw someone just built the exact workflow. workflow. workflow. Yeah, awesome awesome work, guys. Yeah, awesome awesome work, guys. Yeah, awesome awesome work, guys. Nice. Nice. Nice. Well, we will be in touch with each of Well, we will be in touch with each of Well, we will be in touch with each of our three winners to get you your our three winners to get you your our three winners to get you your prizes. prizes. prizes. If you're in Discord and you want to If you're in Discord and you want to If you're in Discord and you want to share your project there, Um, also look share your project there, Um, also look share your project there, Um, also look out on HeyGen on X. Uh, we'll we'll out on HeyGen on X. Uh, we'll we'll out on HeyGen on X. Uh, we'll we'll share some of the projects and give share some of the projects and give share some of the projects and give those shout-outs there so you can reach those shout-outs there so you can reach those shout-outs there so you can reach out to the folks. You can check out the out to the folks. You can check out the out to the folks. You can check out the demos. Um, demos. Um, demos. Um, everyone posted their demos on X, so everyone posted their demos on X, so everyone posted their demos on X, so definitely go check those out if you definitely go check those out if you definitely go check those out if you want to see more of what people built. want to see more of what people built. want to see more of what people built. Uh, and Uh, and Uh, and reach out to us in Discord. Um, reach out to us in Discord. Um, reach out to us in Discord. Um, if you participated in the hackathon, if you participated in the hackathon, if you participated in the hackathon, let us know what you thought. It was our let us know what you thought. It was our let us know what you thought. It was our first HeyGen for Developers Hackathon. first HeyGen for Developers Hackathon. first HeyGen for Developers Hackathon. Um, we were blown away by all of the Um, we were blown away by all of the Um, we were blown away by all of the submissions we got. We'd love to hear submissions we got. We'd love to hear submissions we got. We'd love to hear from you um, what what you'd like to do from you um, what what you'd like to do from you um, what what you'd like to do in a a future hackathon if you have any in a a future hackathon if you have any in a a future hackathon if you have any feedback. Um, and if you keep building, feedback. Um, and if you keep building, feedback. Um, and if you keep building, yeah, please share what you're doing. yeah, please share what you're doing. yeah, please share what you're doing. Tag us on Twitter uh, and share in Tag us on Twitter uh, and share in Tag us on Twitter uh, and share in Discord. We'll see you guys there. Discord. We'll see you guys there. Discord. We'll see you guys there. I know Oni will be in Discord. You'll I know Oni will be in Discord. You'll I know Oni will be in Discord. You'll see James and Oni, you'll see all of us see James and Oni, you'll see all of us see James and Oni, you'll see all of us in Discord, so. in Discord, so. in Discord, so. Yeah, let's let's continue chatting Yeah, let's let's continue chatting Yeah, let's let's continue chatting Discord. Yeah, we'd love to continue Discord. Yeah, we'd love to continue Discord. Yeah, we'd love to continue chat. chat. chat. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. And just a huge congrats to our three And just a huge congrats to our three And just a huge congrats to our three winners. We'll reach out to you to get winners. We'll reach out to you to get winners. We'll reach out to you to get you your prizes. All right. That's it from us on demo All right. That's it from us on demo All right. That's it from us on demo day. day. day. Um, thank you all. Have a good rest of Um, thank you all. Have a good rest of Um, thank you all. Have a good rest of your afternoon, evening, morning, your afternoon, evening, morning, your afternoon, evening, morning, wherever you are in the world. Thanks wherever you are in the world. Thanks wherever you are in the world. Thanks for joining us for our HeyGen for for joining us for our HeyGen for for joining us for our HeyGen for Developers Hackathon demo day. Developers Hackathon demo day. Developers Hackathon demo day. Bye, everyone.
