Dad, what's an AI agent? Literally, Dad, what's an AI agent? Literally, Dad, what's an AI agent? Literally, every single kid on the entire planet is every single kid on the entire planet is every single kid on the entire planet is asking this question right now. And asking this question right now. And asking this question right now. And since you're watching this video, my since you're watching this video, my since you're watching this video, my guess is you probably are, too. So, guess is you probably are, too. So, guess is you probably are, too. So, here's what I wanted to cover today. here's what I wanted to cover today. here's what I wanted to cover today. First, I just wanted to take 30 seconds First, I just wanted to take 30 seconds First, I just wanted to take 30 seconds to explain to you why understanding what to explain to you why understanding what to explain to you why understanding what an AI agent is is so important. Then, an AI agent is is so important. Then, an AI agent is is so important. Then, I'm going to explain to you exactly what I'm going to explain to you exactly what I'm going to explain to you exactly what an AI agent is in terms so simple even a an AI agent is in terms so simple even a an AI agent is in terms so simple even a 5-year-old could understand it. And then 5-year-old could understand it. And then 5-year-old could understand it. And then at the end, we're going to hop into my at the end, we're going to hop into my at the end, we're going to hop into my favorite automation platform, NADN, to favorite automation platform, NADN, to favorite automation platform, NADN, to build a kid-friendly beginner AI agent. build a kid-friendly beginner AI agent. build a kid-friendly beginner AI agent. So, by the end of this video, you'll So, by the end of this video, you'll So, by the end of this video, you'll know exactly what an AI agent is and know exactly what an AI agent is and know exactly what an AI agent is and even how to build one. And I'm going to even how to build one. And I'm going to even how to build one. And I'm going to explain it to you in terms so simple explain it to you in terms so simple explain it to you in terms so simple even a 5-year-old could understand. If even a 5-year-old could understand. If even a 5-year-old could understand. If you're new here, hi, my name's Duncan. you're new here, hi, my name's Duncan. you're new here, hi, my name's Duncan. I've grown my AI agency to over $10,000 I've grown my AI agency to over $10,000 I've grown my AI agency to over $10,000 a month and have sold my workflow to a month and have sold my workflow to a month and have sold my workflow to thousands of customers. I help people thousands of customers. I help people thousands of customers. I help people like you learn how to build and sell AI like you learn how to build and sell AI like you learn how to build and sell AI automations. So just give me 30 seconds automations. So just give me 30 seconds automations. So just give me 30 seconds and let me explain to you real quick why and let me explain to you real quick why and let me explain to you real quick why understanding AI agents is so important understanding AI agents is so important understanding AI agents is so important right now and there are two main reasons right now and there are two main reasons right now and there are two main reasons for this and to me number one is for this and to me number one is for this and to me number one is responsibility. The whole world of AI is responsibility. The whole world of AI is responsibility. The whole world of AI is brand new and our kids are coming up in brand new and our kids are coming up in brand new and our kids are coming up in this world and it is our responsibility this world and it is our responsibility this world and it is our responsibility as parents to have at least a surface as parents to have at least a surface as parents to have at least a surface level understanding of these tools if level understanding of these tools if level understanding of these tools if our kids are going to be interacting our kids are going to be interacting our kids are going to be interacting with them every single day. And number with them every single day. And number with them every single day. And number two is opportunity. The opportunity for two is opportunity. The opportunity for two is opportunity. The opportunity for kids who understand AI is massive right kids who understand AI is massive right kids who understand AI is massive right now. Think about the kids who grew up in now. Think about the kids who grew up in now. Think about the kids who grew up in the 90s and learned web design. Those the 90s and learned web design. Those the 90s and learned web design. Those are the people who ended up building the are the people who ended up building the are the people who ended up building the internet. That same opportunity exists internet. That same opportunity exists internet. That same opportunity exists for our children right now. So, what is for our children right now. So, what is for our children right now. So, what is an AI agent? Well, who is the best agent an AI agent? Well, who is the best agent an AI agent? Well, who is the best agent your kid knows? That's right, it's mom. your kid knows? That's right, it's mom. your kid knows? That's right, it's mom. And so, basically, what makes mom an And so, basically, what makes mom an And so, basically, what makes mom an agent is the fact that you can ask her agent is the fact that you can ask her agent is the fact that you can ask her to do something and she'll do it for to do something and she'll do it for to do something and she'll do it for you. So, if you ask your mom to bring you. So, if you ask your mom to bring you. So, if you ask your mom to bring you a glass of orange juice, she'll you a glass of orange juice, she'll you a glass of orange juice, she'll probably go to the kitchen and come back probably go to the kitchen and come back probably go to the kitchen and come back with a glass of orange juice. But what with a glass of orange juice. But what with a glass of orange juice. But what if you ask your mom for a glass of if you ask your mom for a glass of if you ask your mom for a glass of orange juice and a peanut butter and orange juice and a peanut butter and orange juice and a peanut butter and jelly sandwich? Well, now she has to go jelly sandwich? Well, now she has to go jelly sandwich? Well, now she has to go get the orange juice. She then has to go get the orange juice. She then has to go get the orange juice. She then has to go and bring back a slice of toast. She has and bring back a slice of toast. She has and bring back a slice of toast. She has to go into the pantry and grab some to go into the pantry and grab some to go into the pantry and grab some peanut butter. She has to grab the peanut butter. She has to grab the peanut butter. She has to grab the jelly. And she even has to grab a knife jelly. And she even has to grab a knife jelly. And she even has to grab a knife to make it all happen. But what would we to make it all happen. But what would we to make it all happen. But what would we have to do to turn mom into an AI agent? have to do to turn mom into an AI agent? have to do to turn mom into an AI agent? It's actually simpler than you might It's actually simpler than you might It's actually simpler than you might think. All we have to do to turn mom think. All we have to do to turn mom think. All we have to do to turn mom into an AI agent is give her a bunch into an AI agent is give her a bunch into an AI agent is give her a bunch more arms. So basically an AI agent is more arms. So basically an AI agent is more arms. So basically an AI agent is an AI tool that can perform multiple an AI tool that can perform multiple an AI tool that can perform multiple tasks for you all at once. And what's tasks for you all at once. And what's tasks for you all at once. And what's cool about this is these tools can come cool about this is these tools can come cool about this is these tools can come from all over the place. There are email from all over the place. There are email from all over the place. There are email tools, there are research tools, there tools, there are research tools, there tools, there are research tools, there are tools for your calendar. And if you are tools for your calendar. And if you are tools for your calendar. And if you look at this long list of tools here, look at this long list of tools here, look at this long list of tools here, you'll probably notice that a lot of you'll probably notice that a lot of you'll probably notice that a lot of your favorite companies have AI tools your favorite companies have AI tools your favorite companies have AI tools available to us that we can start using available to us that we can start using available to us that we can start using right now. So, now that you have an right now. So, now that you have an right now. So, now that you have an understanding of what AI agents are and understanding of what AI agents are and understanding of what AI agents are and why it's important to know about them, why it's important to know about them, why it's important to know about them, let's hop into NAND and build a super let's hop into NAND and build a super let's hop into NAND and build a super kid-friendly AI agent. What do dinosaurs kid-friendly AI agent. What do dinosaurs kid-friendly AI agent. What do dinosaurs like to eat? like to eat? like to eat? So, now our AI agent is using Chatbt to So, now our AI agent is using Chatbt to So, now our AI agent is using Chatbt to understand our question. It's going to understand our question. It's going to understand our question. It's going to research the answer for us and then it's research the answer for us and then it's research the answer for us and then it's going to come back. It's going to going to come back. It's going to going to come back. It's going to understand the research. It's going to understand the research. It's going to understand the research. It's going to write a joke for us and then it's going write a joke for us and then it's going write a joke for us and then it's going to draft an email for us in the format to draft an email for us in the format to draft an email for us in the format that we told it to. But what's even that we told it to. But what's even that we told it to. But what's even cooler about this is that if I go over cooler about this is that if I go over cooler about this is that if I go over to my Gmail account and come into the to my Gmail account and come into the to my Gmail account and come into the draft section, we have this draft all draft section, we have this draft all draft section, we have this draft all ready to go with our kids email a ready to go with our kids email a ready to go with our kids email a subject line. It says, "Hi, subject line. It says, "Hi, subject line. It says, "Hi, son/daughter. Why did the dinosaur eat son/daughter. Why did the dinosaur eat son/daughter. Why did the dinosaur eat leaves and meat?" Because it wanted to leaves and meat?" Because it wanted to leaves and meat?" Because it wanted to be a dino snack. Hope you're having a be a dino snack. Hope you're having a be a dino snack. Hope you're having a wonderful day. Love you, mom/dad. P.S. wonderful day. Love you, mom/dad. P.S. wonderful day. Love you, mom/dad. P.S. Did you know some dinosaurs were Did you know some dinosaurs were Did you know some dinosaurs were herbivores and only ate plants like herbivores and only ate plants like herbivores and only ate plants like leaves and ferns, while others were leaves and ferns, while others were leaves and ferns, while others were carnivores that ate meat? Some even ate carnivores that ate meat? Some even ate carnivores that ate meat? Some even ate both. Incredible. So, to build our both. Incredible. So, to build our both. Incredible. So, to build our kid-friendly automation, we're going to kid-friendly automation, we're going to kid-friendly automation, we're going to use a platform called NADN, and I will use a platform called NADN, and I will use a platform called NADN, and I will leave a link in the description where leave a link in the description where leave a link in the description where you can sign up totally for free. After you can sign up totally for free. After you can sign up totally for free. After you create an account, you'll have you create an account, you'll have you create an account, you'll have access to your workspace, which has all access to your workspace, which has all access to your workspace, which has all of your automations, and you just come of your automations, and you just come of your automations, and you just come up to the top and click create workflow. up to the top and click create workflow. up to the top and click create workflow. Now, I've already started a basic Now, I've already started a basic Now, I've already started a basic workflow because I wanted to make sure workflow because I wanted to make sure workflow because I wanted to make sure that we were able to keep track of what that we were able to keep track of what that we were able to keep track of what we're building. And then I have this we're building. And then I have this we're building. And then I have this prompt for the AI agent that we're going prompt for the AI agent that we're going prompt for the AI agent that we're going to use today. So, I just want to review to use today. So, I just want to review to use today. So, I just want to review the flow real quick. First, we're going the flow real quick. First, we're going the flow real quick. First, we're going to ask a question using a chat. Then, to ask a question using a chat. Then, to ask a question using a chat. Then, the AI is going to research a fun fact the AI is going to research a fun fact the AI is going to research a fun fact about your topic. It's going to write a about your topic. It's going to write a about your topic. It's going to write a silly joke, and then it's going to draft silly joke, and then it's going to draft silly joke, and then it's going to draft an email for us. So, in order to get an email for us. So, in order to get an email for us. So, in order to get started, you can either click the plus started, you can either click the plus started, you can either click the plus in the top right or hit tab on your in the top right or hit tab on your in the top right or hit tab on your keyboard to set up what's called a keyboard to set up what's called a keyboard to set up what's called a trigger. And this is basically the thing trigger. And this is basically the thing trigger. And this is basically the thing that starts your entire automation. And that starts your entire automation. And that starts your entire automation. And we're just going to use this chat we're just going to use this chat we're just going to use this chat message here. And what we can do is we message here. And what we can do is we message here. And what we can do is we can click this arrow all the way down to can click this arrow all the way down to can click this arrow all the way down to the bottom right. And we can just make the bottom right. And we can just make the bottom right. And we can just make this a little bit bigger. And you can this a little bit bigger. And you can this a little bit bigger. And you can start typing to this now, but it's not start typing to this now, but it's not start typing to this now, but it's not hooked up to anything, so you're not hooked up to anything, so you're not hooked up to anything, so you're not going to get any sort of response. The going to get any sort of response. The going to get any sort of response. The next thing we can do is we can hook up next thing we can do is we can hook up next thing we can do is we can hook up our AI agent. So, we're just going to our AI agent. So, we're just going to our AI agent. So, we're just going to click the plus here, and we can type in click the plus here, and we can type in click the plus here, and we can type in AI agent to connect our agent. So, now AI agent to connect our agent. So, now AI agent to connect our agent. So, now in order to actually use the AI, what we in order to actually use the AI, what we in order to actually use the AI, what we have to do is we have to connect up a have to do is we have to connect up a have to do is we have to connect up a chat model to this. And you can use chat model to this. And you can use chat model to this. And you can use anything. You can use chatbt, you can anything. You can use chatbt, you can anything. You can use chatbt, you can use quad, you can use perplexity, you use quad, you can use perplexity, you use quad, you can use perplexity, you can use gemini, grock, whatever. Today can use gemini, grock, whatever. Today can use gemini, grock, whatever. Today we're going to use chatbt because it's we're going to use chatbt because it's we're going to use chatbt because it's the most common. So just click the plus the most common. So just click the plus the most common. So just click the plus here and you can come down here to open here and you can come down here to open here and you can come down here to open AI. If you don't see it, you can type in AI. If you don't see it, you can type in AI. If you don't see it, you can type in open and you'll just click the chat open and you'll just click the chat open and you'll just click the chat model here. And for what we're doing model here. And for what we're doing model here. And for what we're doing today, 4.1 mini is all we need. In order today, 4.1 mini is all we need. In order today, 4.1 mini is all we need. In order to get this working, you're going to to get this working, you're going to to get this working, you're going to need access to your API credentials. need access to your API credentials. need access to your API credentials. Really quick, cuz if you're new, the Really quick, cuz if you're new, the Really quick, cuz if you're new, the term API can sound kind of scary, but term API can sound kind of scary, but term API can sound kind of scary, but you can think of it like this. you can think of it like this. you can think of it like this. Basically, we have a square, and a Basically, we have a square, and a Basically, we have a square, and a square obviously speaks the language square obviously speaks the language square obviously speaks the language square. And we have a circle and a square. And we have a circle and a square. And we have a circle and a circle speaks the language circle. circle speaks the language circle. circle speaks the language circle. Sadly, these two can't talk to each Sadly, these two can't talk to each Sadly, these two can't talk to each other. But what an API does is basically other. But what an API does is basically other. But what an API does is basically an API just creates a shared language an API just creates a shared language an API just creates a shared language between our two services. So if this is between our two services. So if this is between our two services. So if this is our AI agent and this is chat GPT. our AI agent and this is chat GPT. our AI agent and this is chat GPT. Now these two are able to communicate Now these two are able to communicate Now these two are able to communicate with each other. No problem. So in order with each other. No problem. So in order with each other. No problem. So in order to connect your AI agent to chat GPT, to connect your AI agent to chat GPT, to connect your AI agent to chat GPT, you need to come over to you need to come over to you need to come over to platform.openai.com, platform.openai.com, platform.openai.com, create an account, and then go ahead and create an account, and then go ahead and create an account, and then go ahead and click settings. From there, just come click settings. From there, just come click settings. From there, just come down to the bottom left and go into API down to the bottom left and go into API down to the bottom left and go into API keys. You can click create new secret keys. You can click create new secret keys. You can click create new secret key and we can just name this kit agent key and we can just name this kit agent key and we can just name this kit agent and go ahead and click create secret and go ahead and click create secret and go ahead and click create secret key. If you want a refresher on this, key. If you want a refresher on this, key. If you want a refresher on this, I'll leave a video up here which I'll leave a video up here which I'll leave a video up here which literally shows you how to do this in 90 literally shows you how to do this in 90 literally shows you how to do this in 90 seconds. So, I'm just going to go ahead seconds. So, I'm just going to go ahead seconds. So, I'm just going to go ahead and copy this key. And if I come back and copy this key. And if I come back and copy this key. And if I come back over here, you go to credential to over here, you go to credential to over here, you go to credential to connect with and you just come down to connect with and you just come down to connect with and you just come down to create credential and then I'm just create credential and then I'm just create credential and then I'm just going to paste in the secret key that we going to paste in the secret key that we going to paste in the secret key that we just copied. And I'm just going to go just copied. And I'm just going to go just copied. And I'm just going to go ahead and rename this kid agent to ahead and rename this kid agent to ahead and rename this kid agent to match. Just go ahead and click save. You match. Just go ahead and click save. You match. Just go ahead and click save. You can see we now have a connection tested can see we now have a connection tested can see we now have a connection tested successfully and we're ready to roll. I successfully and we're ready to roll. I successfully and we're ready to roll. I do want to note that you want to make do want to note that you want to make do want to note that you want to make sure you have some credit in your sure you have some credit in your sure you have some credit in your account. So now in order to kick this account. So now in order to kick this account. So now in order to kick this off, we could type, hey, how's it going? off, we could type, hey, how's it going? off, we could type, hey, how's it going? If we send this off, you can see our If we send this off, you can see our If we send this off, you can see our agent's going to use chatbt to create a agent's going to use chatbt to create a agent's going to use chatbt to create a response for us. And basically right response for us. And basically right response for us. And basically right now, we're sort of just talking to now, we're sort of just talking to now, we're sort of just talking to chatbt. This isn't functioning like an chatbt. This isn't functioning like an chatbt. This isn't functioning like an agent yet. Says, "Hey, I'm doing great. agent yet. Says, "Hey, I'm doing great. agent yet. Says, "Hey, I'm doing great. Thanks for asking. How about you? How Thanks for asking. How about you? How Thanks for asking. How about you? How can I help you today?" Cool. Off to a can I help you today?" Cool. Off to a can I help you today?" Cool. Off to a good start. So, if we come back to the good start. So, if we come back to the good start. So, if we come back to the flow up here, you can see the next flow up here, you can see the next flow up here, you can see the next things we have to do are research a fun things we have to do are research a fun things we have to do are research a fun fact and then write a silly joke. So, fact and then write a silly joke. So, fact and then write a silly joke. So, what I'm going to do is I'm just going what I'm going to do is I'm just going what I'm going to do is I'm just going to copy this agent prompt, which just to copy this agent prompt, which just to copy this agent prompt, which just says, "You are a helpful assistant. says, "You are a helpful assistant. says, "You are a helpful assistant. You'll be given a user message. Your You'll be given a user message. Your You'll be given a user message. Your tasks are as follow. One, call the tasks are as follow. One, call the tasks are as follow. One, call the perplexity tool to perform research perplexity tool to perform research perplexity tool to perform research based on the user message. Two, turn the based on the user message. Two, turn the based on the user message. Two, turn the output from the research into one silly output from the research into one silly output from the research into one silly joke suitable for a 5-year-old." And joke suitable for a 5-year-old." And joke suitable for a 5-year-old." And we're going to stop there for now. So, we're going to stop there for now. So, we're going to stop there for now. So, I'm just going to go ahead and copy I'm just going to go ahead and copy I'm just going to go ahead and copy this. And if I come back into the AI this. And if I come back into the AI this. And if I come back into the AI agent, and let me just screw the chat agent, and let me just screw the chat agent, and let me just screw the chat down because we don't need to see it down because we don't need to see it down because we don't need to see it that big. I can go ahead here and I can that big. I can go ahead here and I can that big. I can go ahead here and I can go add an option and I can add a system go add an option and I can add a system go add an option and I can add a system message and I can just go ahead and I message and I can just go ahead and I message and I can just go ahead and I can paste in our system message. You can can paste in our system message. You can can paste in our system message. You can see I can make this bigger and we just see I can make this bigger and we just see I can make this bigger and we just have the same thing, right? And so what have the same thing, right? And so what have the same thing, right? And so what we're missing now is the research tool. we're missing now is the research tool. we're missing now is the research tool. And like I said, we want to call the And like I said, we want to call the And like I said, we want to call the Perplexity Research tool because Perplexity Research tool because Perplexity Research tool because Perplexity is still the best way to Perplexity is still the best way to Perplexity is still the best way to research the internet right now. And research the internet right now. And research the internet right now. And they have a great built-in tool for NAD. they have a great built-in tool for NAD. they have a great built-in tool for NAD. So I'm going to go ahead and click the So I'm going to go ahead and click the So I'm going to go ahead and click the plus and I'm going to type in plus and I'm going to type in plus and I'm going to type in Perplexity. And same thing as before, in Perplexity. And same thing as before, in Perplexity. And same thing as before, in order to connect with Perplexity, you're order to connect with Perplexity, you're order to connect with Perplexity, you're going to need another API key. And the going to need another API key. And the going to need another API key. And the reason I'm doing it this way today is to reason I'm doing it this way today is to reason I'm doing it this way today is to get you used to this idea that you're get you used to this idea that you're get you used to this idea that you're going to have a ton of API keys all over going to have a ton of API keys all over going to have a ton of API keys all over the place, the more tools you start to the place, the more tools you start to the place, the more tools you start to connect with. So the more comfortable connect with. So the more comfortable connect with. So the more comfortable you get with it now, the better off you get with it now, the better off you get with it now, the better off you'll be in the long run. So if you you'll be in the long run. So if you you'll be in the long run. So if you have an account, just come into your have an account, just come into your have an account, just come into your account down here. Go ahead and do all account down here. Go ahead and do all account down here. Go ahead and do all settings. And you can come into API keys settings. And you can come into API keys settings. And you can come into API keys and go ahead and click create key. And and go ahead and click create key. And and go ahead and click create key. And then it's going to be the same process then it's going to be the same process then it's going to be the same process as before, right? Click create new as before, right? Click create new as before, right? Click create new credential. Paste in your API key. Name credential. Paste in your API key. Name credential. Paste in your API key. Name your key and you're good to go. I your key and you're good to go. I your key and you're good to go. I already have one set up. And so what I'm already have one set up. And so what I'm already have one set up. And so what I'm going to do is I'm just going to change going to do is I'm just going to change going to do is I'm just going to change the model here to sonar so that we can the model here to sonar so that we can the model here to sonar so that we can actually do research. What's insanely actually do research. What's insanely actually do research. What's insanely cool about these AI tools now is that I cool about these AI tools now is that I cool about these AI tools now is that I can just click this button here. And so can just click this button here. And so can just click this button here. And so instead of actually typing a prompt for instead of actually typing a prompt for instead of actually typing a prompt for perplexity to research, the AI agent is perplexity to research, the AI agent is perplexity to research, the AI agent is actually going to create the prompt for actually going to create the prompt for actually going to create the prompt for us. And now you can see the power of AI us. And now you can see the power of AI us. And now you can see the power of AI agents. I'm also going to click simplify agents. I'm also going to click simplify agents. I'm also going to click simplify the output because we don't need a ton the output because we don't need a ton the output because we don't need a ton of information. The other thing that's of information. The other thing that's of information. The other thing that's really important to do with all of your really important to do with all of your really important to do with all of your agent tools is to write the tool agent tools is to write the tool agent tools is to write the tool description. description. description. Basically, the name of the tool and this Basically, the name of the tool and this Basically, the name of the tool and this description is how your AI agent is description is how your AI agent is description is how your AI agent is going to know which tool to use for what going to know which tool to use for what going to know which tool to use for what tasks. So, we're going just going to say tasks. So, we're going just going to say tasks. So, we're going just going to say call this tool. We're just going to say call this tool. We're just going to say call this tool. We're just going to say call this perplexity tool to research call this perplexity tool to research call this perplexity tool to research the internet. the internet. the internet. Great. And so now if we come into the Great. And so now if we come into the Great. And so now if we come into the chat and I can say what do dinosaurs chat and I can say what do dinosaurs chat and I can say what do dinosaurs like to eat? And I'm just going to go like to eat? And I'm just going to go like to eat? And I'm just going to go ahead and send this off. And so now, ahead and send this off. And so now, ahead and send this off. And so now, chat TPT is processing our request. The chat TPT is processing our request. The chat TPT is processing our request. The AI agent is taking it in and now it's AI agent is taking it in and now it's AI agent is taking it in and now it's recognizing that it needs to send our recognizing that it needs to send our recognizing that it needs to send our request to Perplexity to research our request to Perplexity to research our request to Perplexity to research our answer for us. And what's funny is answer for us. And what's funny is answer for us. And what's funny is because our agent prompts do research because our agent prompts do research because our agent prompts do research for us and tell us a joke. We can see for us and tell us a joke. We can see for us and tell us a joke. We can see here it says, "Why did the dinosaur here it says, "Why did the dinosaur here it says, "Why did the dinosaur bring a salad to the party?" Because it bring a salad to the party?" Because it bring a salad to the party?" Because it loved to eat leaves, fruits, and twigs loved to eat leaves, fruits, and twigs loved to eat leaves, fruits, and twigs with its dynamite teeth. Pretty freaking with its dynamite teeth. Pretty freaking with its dynamite teeth. Pretty freaking hilarious. If you want a deeper hilarious. If you want a deeper hilarious. If you want a deeper understanding of exactly what's going understanding of exactly what's going understanding of exactly what's going on, you can open up your AI agent and on, you can open up your AI agent and on, you can open up your AI agent and you can look in the logs, right? Right. you can look in the logs, right? Right. you can look in the logs, right? Right. And so you can see this is the system And so you can see this is the system And so you can see this is the system message that we gave it. And then if we message that we gave it. And then if we message that we gave it. And then if we come into Perplexity and then you can come into Perplexity and then you can come into Perplexity and then you can see this is actually the prompt that our see this is actually the prompt that our see this is actually the prompt that our AI agent sent to do the research. So it AI agent sent to do the research. So it AI agent sent to do the research. So it just sent our message along, right? And just sent our message along, right? And just sent our message along, right? And if we come in here, we can basically see if we come in here, we can basically see if we come in here, we can basically see that perplexity actually did a whole that perplexity actually did a whole that perplexity actually did a whole bunch more research than it gave back to bunch more research than it gave back to bunch more research than it gave back to us. Basically because the AI agent us. Basically because the AI agent us. Basically because the AI agent decided that we didn't need all of this decided that we didn't need all of this decided that we didn't need all of this cuz we simply asked it what do dinosaurs cuz we simply asked it what do dinosaurs cuz we simply asked it what do dinosaurs like to eat? You can see here exhibit a like to eat? You can see here exhibit a like to eat? You can see here exhibit a wide variety of diets mirroring wide variety of diets mirroring wide variety of diets mirroring diversity seen in modern animals. They diversity seen in modern animals. They diversity seen in modern animals. They can be broadly categorized into three can be broadly categorized into three can be broadly categorized into three groups etc etc. This is way more groups etc etc. This is way more groups etc etc. This is way more information than a 5-year-old probably information than a 5-year-old probably information than a 5-year-old probably needs in this case, but cool. You've needs in this case, but cool. You've needs in this case, but cool. You've basically set up an AI agent to call its basically set up an AI agent to call its basically set up an AI agent to call its first tool. That is awesome. first tool. That is awesome. first tool. That is awesome. So, if we look back at the flow, the So, if we look back at the flow, the So, if we look back at the flow, the last thing we want to do is send an last thing we want to do is send an last thing we want to do is send an email. And the reason I did this is cuz email. And the reason I did this is cuz email. And the reason I did this is cuz I thought it would be fun. Like, if your I thought it would be fun. Like, if your I thought it would be fun. Like, if your kids are at school for the day, you kids are at school for the day, you kids are at school for the day, you could use this tool or they could use could use this tool or they could use could use this tool or they could use this tool to chat with the agent and this tool to chat with the agent and this tool to chat with the agent and then it could actually draft an email then it could actually draft an email then it could actually draft an email just to kind of brighten up their day. just to kind of brighten up their day. just to kind of brighten up their day. And so, I'm just going to add the second And so, I'm just going to add the second And so, I'm just going to add the second part of this prompt here, which is part of this prompt here, which is part of this prompt here, which is three, call the Gmail tool to draft one three, call the Gmail tool to draft one three, call the Gmail tool to draft one email in the following format. And you email in the following format. And you email in the following format. And you can totally customize this format can totally customize this format can totally customize this format however you like. And I just say, "Hey, however you like. And I just say, "Hey, however you like. And I just say, "Hey, son/daughter." Put in your kid's name son/daughter." Put in your kid's name son/daughter." Put in your kid's name here. Insert one joke, which is going to here. Insert one joke, which is going to here. Insert one joke, which is going to be the joke that the agent writes. Hope be the joke that the agent writes. Hope be the joke that the agent writes. Hope you're having a wonderful day. Love you. you're having a wonderful day. Love you. you're having a wonderful day. Love you. And then, you know, mom or dad. And And then, you know, mom or dad. And And then, you know, mom or dad. And then, PS, did you know? And then it's then, PS, did you know? And then it's then, PS, did you know? And then it's going to insert the one fun fact that it going to insert the one fun fact that it going to insert the one fun fact that it researched for us. And so, we can come researched for us. And so, we can come researched for us. And so, we can come back into the AI agent and we can just back into the AI agent and we can just back into the AI agent and we can just come down to the bottom here. And now we come down to the bottom here. And now we come down to the bottom here. And now we can just add this to the bottom of the can just add this to the bottom of the can just add this to the bottom of the system prompt. So, I'm going to click system prompt. So, I'm going to click system prompt. So, I'm going to click the plus here, and I'm going to type in the plus here, and I'm going to type in the plus here, and I'm going to type in Gmail. And we're going to use the Gmail Gmail. And we're going to use the Gmail Gmail. And we're going to use the Gmail tool. And what I'm going to do is I'm tool. And what I'm going to do is I'm tool. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to change this resource here to going to change this resource here to going to change this resource here to draft instead of message because this is draft instead of message because this is draft instead of message because this is just going to draft it in our inbox just going to draft it in our inbox just going to draft it in our inbox without us actually having to send it. without us actually having to send it. without us actually having to send it. Again, what's super cool about this is Again, what's super cool about this is Again, what's super cool about this is the AI agent can do all of the work for the AI agent can do all of the work for the AI agent can do all of the work for us. I can click these little stars here us. I can click these little stars here us. I can click these little stars here and the AI agent is going to create the and the AI agent is going to create the and the AI agent is going to create the subject for the email. I can click them subject for the email. I can click them subject for the email. I can click them again down here and it's actually going again down here and it's actually going again down here and it's actually going to write the message for us. The only to write the message for us. The only to write the message for us. The only thing we need to add down here is who thing we need to add down here is who thing we need to add down here is who are we actually sending this to? So, we are we actually sending this to? So, we are we actually sending this to? So, we can just go ahead and say can just go ahead and say can just go ahead and say mykidgmail.com. Great. Just like the other tools, if you Great. Just like the other tools, if you Great. Just like the other tools, if you want access to Gmail, you're going to want access to Gmail, you're going to want access to Gmail, you're going to need to connect the API. It's a little need to connect the API. It's a little need to connect the API. It's a little bit more involved of a process. So, I'll bit more involved of a process. So, I'll bit more involved of a process. So, I'll leave a video up here that walks you leave a video up here that walks you leave a video up here that walks you through it step by step. And like I through it step by step. And like I through it step by step. And like I said, we want to make sure we change the said, we want to make sure we change the said, we want to make sure we change the tool description so our agent knows tool description so our agent knows tool description so our agent knows exactly what to use it for. So, I'm just exactly what to use it for. So, I'm just exactly what to use it for. So, I'm just going to say call this tool to draft and going to say call this tool to draft and going to say call this tool to draft and email in Gmail. So, I'm going to go email in Gmail. So, I'm going to go email in Gmail. So, I'm going to go ahead and click save. And now we can ahead and click save. And now we can ahead and click save. And now we can send off the exact same prompt. What do send off the exact same prompt. What do send off the exact same prompt. What do dinosaurs like to eat? dinosaurs like to eat? dinosaurs like to eat? So now our AI agent is using chatbt to So now our AI agent is using chatbt to So now our AI agent is using chatbt to understand our question. It's going to understand our question. It's going to understand our question. It's going to research the answer for us using research the answer for us using research the answer for us using perplexity and then it's going to come perplexity and then it's going to come perplexity and then it's going to come back. It's going to understand the back. It's going to understand the back. It's going to understand the research. It's going to write a joke for research. It's going to write a joke for research. It's going to write a joke for us and then it's going to draft an email us and then it's going to draft an email us and then it's going to draft an email for us in the format that we told it to. for us in the format that we told it to. for us in the format that we told it to. If you come in here, you can see the If you come in here, you can see the If you come in here, you can see the output, right? And this is our email. output, right? And this is our email. output, right? And this is our email. But what's even cooler about this is But what's even cooler about this is But what's even cooler about this is that if I go over to my Gmail account that if I go over to my Gmail account that if I go over to my Gmail account and come into the draft section, we have and come into the draft section, we have and come into the draft section, we have this draft all ready to go with our kids this draft all ready to go with our kids this draft all ready to go with our kids email, a subject line. It says, "Hi, email, a subject line. It says, "Hi, email, a subject line. It says, "Hi, son/daughter. Why did the dinosaur eat son/daughter. Why did the dinosaur eat son/daughter. Why did the dinosaur eat leaves and meat? Because it wanted to be leaves and meat? Because it wanted to be leaves and meat? Because it wanted to be a dino snack. Hope you're having a a dino snack. Hope you're having a a dino snack. Hope you're having a wonderful day. Love you, mom/dad. P.S. wonderful day. Love you, mom/dad. P.S. wonderful day. Love you, mom/dad. P.S. Did you know some dinosaurs were Did you know some dinosaurs were Did you know some dinosaurs were herbivores and only ate plants like herbivores and only ate plants like herbivores and only ate plants like leaves and ferns, while others were leaves and ferns, while others were leaves and ferns, while others were carnivores that ate meat? Some even ate carnivores that ate meat? Some even ate carnivores that ate meat? Some even ate both. Incredible. So, this is a great both. Incredible. So, this is a great both. Incredible. So, this is a great way to connect with your kids using AI way to connect with your kids using AI way to connect with your kids using AI on a subject that actually interests on a subject that actually interests on a subject that actually interests them. If you thought this video was fun, them. If you thought this video was fun, them. If you thought this video was fun, please make sure to subscribe to the please make sure to subscribe to the please make sure to subscribe to the channel. And if you want to get access channel. And if you want to get access channel. And if you want to get access to the workflow we built today, I'll to the workflow we built today, I'll to the workflow we built today, I'll leave a link in the description where leave a link in the description where leave a link in the description where you can join the community.
