Today we're going to talk about agent Today we're going to talk about agent Today we're going to talk about agent failure modes. So again this is not a failure modes. So again this is not a failure modes. So again this is not a platform presentation uh not a product platform presentation uh not a product platform presentation uh not a product presentation. This is just my experience presentation. This is just my experience presentation. This is just my experience of building AI platforms in past. Uh I of building AI platforms in past. Uh I of building AI platforms in past. Uh I was with Microsoft for about 11 years was with Microsoft for about 11 years was with Microsoft for about 11 years and I've built AI platforms there. So and I've built AI platforms there. So and I've built AI platforms there. So sharing some of my learnings uh building sharing some of my learnings uh building sharing some of my learnings uh building the platform and seeing our customers uh the platform and seeing our customers uh the platform and seeing our customers uh built on top of the platform. So we don't have a good definition of So we don't have a good definition of So we don't have a good definition of AGI. I mean companies can't agree on one AGI. I mean companies can't agree on one AGI. I mean companies can't agree on one definition but if you look at uh the definition but if you look at uh the definition but if you look at uh the past one year we'll see that we have c past one year we'll see that we have c past one year we'll see that we have c crossed an intelligent chasm um in the crossed an intelligent chasm um in the crossed an intelligent chasm um in the last uh year uh you'll see the Gemini last uh year uh you'll see the Gemini last uh year uh you'll see the Gemini model GPD5 uh even kind of XCI models model GPD5 uh even kind of XCI models model GPD5 uh even kind of XCI models they all pass um kind of level of they all pass um kind of level of they all pass um kind of level of intelligence which makes uh um building intelligence which makes uh um building intelligence which makes uh um building agentic systems possible and intelligent agentic systems possible and intelligent agentic systems possible and intelligent kind of uh agentic systems possible This kind of uh agentic systems possible This kind of uh agentic systems possible This is a picture from uh professor Ethan is a picture from uh professor Ethan is a picture from uh professor Ethan Mollik from Wharton and he's highlighting the fact that and he's highlighting the fact that and he's highlighting the fact that we've cross the threshold of kind of we've cross the threshold of kind of we've cross the threshold of kind of human PhD range uh intelligence and human PhD range uh intelligence and human PhD range uh intelligence and that's why again you'll see uh that a that's why again you'll see uh that a that's why again you'll see uh that a lot of these models feel much smarter lot of these models feel much smarter lot of these models feel much smarter than what they were last year if you than what they were last year if you than what they were last year if you compare [snorts] compare [snorts] compare [snorts] uh I call four um four dimensions uh AI uh I call four um four dimensions uh AI uh I call four um four dimensions uh AI exponents which are fueling this uh age exponents which are fueling this uh age exponents which are fueling this uh age of kind of agentic AI and this um kind of kind of agentic AI and this um kind of kind of agentic AI and this um kind of everybody talking about agent and of everybody talking about agent and of everybody talking about agent and agentic future reasoning is one of them. agentic future reasoning is one of them. agentic future reasoning is one of them. Right about this year last year we saw Right about this year last year we saw Right about this year last year we saw the first kind of reasoning models from the first kind of reasoning models from the first kind of reasoning models from OpenAI emerge O series models and since OpenAI emerge O series models and since OpenAI emerge O series models and since then it is kind of um a flurry of uh then it is kind of um a flurry of uh then it is kind of um a flurry of uh reasoning models from all the model reasoning models from all the model reasoning models from all the model providers all the leading labs right and providers all the leading labs right and providers all the leading labs right and these models have become better and these models have become better and these models have become better and better at generating chain of thoughts better at generating chain of thoughts better at generating chain of thoughts intrinsically thinking self-correcting intrinsically thinking self-correcting intrinsically thinking self-correcting uh doing self-critical thinking uh uh doing self-critical thinking uh uh doing self-critical thinking uh before responding and that is fueling a before responding and that is fueling a before responding and that is fueling a lot of this uh agentic kind of u uh lot of this uh agentic kind of u uh lot of this uh agentic kind of u uh possibilities possibilities possibilities The second one is it's uh called tool The second one is it's uh called tool The second one is it's uh called tool calling. It started as function calling. calling. It started as function calling. calling. It started as function calling. Ability to call APIs and functions now Ability to call APIs and functions now Ability to call APIs and functions now evolved into tool calling. Uh again evolved into tool calling. Uh again evolved into tool calling. Uh again agents have become good at in their agents have become good at in their agents have become good at in their chain of thoughts understanding which chain of thoughts understanding which chain of thoughts understanding which tools they need to call call them on the tools they need to call call them on the tools they need to call call them on the fly and then uh kind of take the fly and then uh kind of take the fly and then uh kind of take the response back from those tools and kind response back from those tools and kind response back from those tools and kind of use that in creating the outcomes of use that in creating the outcomes of use that in creating the outcomes that they need to uh create. So again to that they need to uh create. So again to that they need to uh create. So again to tool calling is an interesting u tool calling is an interesting u tool calling is an interesting u exponent or one of the key exponents exponent or one of the key exponents exponent or one of the key exponents which is uh fueling some of this AI which is uh fueling some of this AI which is uh fueling some of this AI revolution. Um the third most important revolution. Um the third most important revolution. Um the third most important one uh I feel is code generation right one uh I feel is code generation right one uh I feel is code generation right when you don't have a tool which is when you don't have a tool which is when you don't have a tool which is handy that you can call or an agent can handy that you can call or an agent can handy that you can call or an agent can call it can write code to kind of call it can write code to kind of call it can write code to kind of generate that tool on the fly uh and can generate that tool on the fly uh and can generate that tool on the fly uh and can call that and there are two kind of call that and there are two kind of call that and there are two kind of verifiable domains the mathematics and verifiable domains the mathematics and verifiable domains the mathematics and uh code generation which if you've seen uh code generation which if you've seen uh code generation which if you've seen last year uh all the models have gone last year uh all the models have gone last year uh all the models have gone exponentially in that uh domain and thus exponentially in that uh domain and thus exponentially in that uh domain and thus created new possibilities with agents uh created new possibilities with agents uh created new possibilities with agents uh to write code on on the fly and can get to write code on on the fly and can get to write code on on the fly and can get stuff done, create actionable uh uh stuff done, create actionable uh uh stuff done, create actionable uh uh outcomes for for uh for the users. And outcomes for for uh for the users. And outcomes for for uh for the users. And the fourth one which is kind of yet nent the fourth one which is kind of yet nent the fourth one which is kind of yet nent evolving, we'll see long-term memory in evolving, we'll see long-term memory in evolving, we'll see long-term memory in system ability to kind of learn from system ability to kind of learn from system ability to kind of learn from experience. Somebody was talking earlier experience. Somebody was talking earlier experience. Somebody was talking earlier about learning systems, active learning about learning systems, active learning about learning systems, active learning and things like that. This ability for and things like that. This ability for and things like that. This ability for models and agents to continuously learn models and agents to continuously learn models and agents to continuously learn and improve. uh we'll see more and more and improve. uh we'll see more and more and improve. uh we'll see more and more of that and that's kind of the next of that and that's kind of the next of that and that's kind of the next frontier I feel uh in the agentic AI frontier I feel uh in the agentic AI frontier I feel uh in the agentic AI kind of future and that for me is kind of future and that for me is kind of future and that for me is fueling all of this uh agent excitement fueling all of this uh agent excitement fueling all of this uh agent excitement in the ecosystem so what's the definition of uh good so what's the definition of uh good so what's the definition of uh good agent or an agent anybody agent or an agent anybody agent or an agent anybody how do you define agent how do you define agent how do you define agent &gt;&gt; go ahead &gt;&gt; go ahead &gt;&gt; go ahead &gt;&gt; is an AI that takes action on the user Great. Any other definitions? &gt;&gt; Okay. Great. So, an agentic system is an &gt;&gt; Okay. Great. So, an agentic system is an &gt;&gt; Okay. Great. So, an agentic system is an autonomous systems which can sense its autonomous systems which can sense its autonomous systems which can sense its environment uh and can react and achieve environment uh and can react and achieve environment uh and can react and achieve goals that it has been set out to do, goals that it has been set out to do, goals that it has been set out to do, right? And can take different forms. It right? And can take different forms. It right? And can take different forms. It it has access to tools, memories and it has access to tools, memories and it has access to tools, memories and things like that, right? So, again, this things like that, right? So, again, this things like that, right? So, again, this is a diagram I drew almost a year back. is a diagram I drew almost a year back. is a diagram I drew almost a year back. I feel is still relevant. I tweaked a I feel is still relevant. I tweaked a I feel is still relevant. I tweaked a few things. Uh tools and skills I had few things. Uh tools and skills I had few things. Uh tools and skills I had split out earlier. I kind of brought split out earlier. I kind of brought split out earlier. I kind of brought them together. But agentic systems or AI them together. But agentic systems or AI them together. But agentic systems or AI agents, they have autonomy over a goal, agents, they have autonomy over a goal, agents, they have autonomy over a goal, right? Or a task or some scope. Uh they right? Or a task or some scope. Uh they right? Or a task or some scope. Uh they have access to memory. Uh we see a lot have access to memory. Uh we see a lot have access to memory. Uh we see a lot of short-term memory access in context of short-term memory access in context of short-term memory access in context memory access, but as mentioned, right, memory access, but as mentioned, right, memory access, but as mentioned, right, they'll have longerterm uh access to they'll have longerterm uh access to they'll have longerterm uh access to memory and they can probably improve uh memory and they can probably improve uh memory and they can probably improve uh over time based on that memory as well. over time based on that memory as well. over time based on that memory as well. tool calling uh code generation and web tool calling uh code generation and web tool calling uh code generation and web access uh is super important kind of access uh is super important kind of access uh is super important kind of almost fundamental in most of the almost fundamental in most of the almost fundamental in most of the agentic systems that you'll see. Uh agentic systems that you'll see. Uh agentic systems that you'll see. Uh they'll goal oriented task oriented uh they'll goal oriented task oriented uh they'll goal oriented task oriented uh they can do intrinsic planning chain of they can do intrinsic planning chain of they can do intrinsic planning chain of thought uh self-consistency thought uh self-consistency thought uh self-consistency self-reflection and go back and fix if self-reflection and go back and fix if self-reflection and go back and fix if they've done something wrong. Uh and they've done something wrong. Uh and they've done something wrong. Uh and then lastly collaboration we see u bunch then lastly collaboration we see u bunch then lastly collaboration we see u bunch of uh protocols come into that space. of uh protocols come into that space. of uh protocols come into that space. MCP super popular everybody knows about MCP super popular everybody knows about MCP super popular everybody knows about it here probably uh A2A protocol from it here probably uh A2A protocol from it here probably uh A2A protocol from Google which is agent to agent peer Google which is agent to agent peer Google which is agent to agent peer communication protocol Google recently communication protocol Google recently communication protocol Google recently uh also announced uh agent payment uh also announced uh agent payment uh also announced uh agent payment protocol uh which is again an protocol uh which is again an protocol uh which is again an interesting uh area where collaboration interesting uh area where collaboration interesting uh area where collaboration can happen where two agents can transact can happen where two agents can transact can happen where two agents can transact and exchange uh dollar amounts if if and exchange uh dollar amounts if if and exchange uh dollar amounts if if they need to uh and then again web they need to uh and then again web they need to uh and then again web access access access there are few realities about uh agents there are few realities about uh agents there are few realities about uh agents today I mean you will see everybody's today I mean you will see everybody's today I mean you will see everybody's pitching agents wherever you go, right? pitching agents wherever you go, right? pitching agents wherever you go, right? Very few of them are actually agents to Very few of them are actually agents to Very few of them are actually agents to be honest. Like 35% of them are just be honest. Like 35% of them are just be honest. Like 35% of them are just automation workflows. Uh 30% are automation workflows. Uh 30% are automation workflows. Uh 30% are actually just traditional script based actually just traditional script based actually just traditional script based automation, right? And very few 15% I I automation, right? And very few 15% I I automation, right? And very few 15% I I feel even less maybe over there which feel even less maybe over there which feel even less maybe over there which are actually agentic systems which have are actually agentic systems which have are actually agentic systems which have autonomy which can improve uh adapt do autonomy which can improve uh adapt do autonomy which can improve uh adapt do adaptive learning of some sort uh and adaptive learning of some sort uh and adaptive learning of some sort uh and then respond uh to a goal and rest 20% then respond uh to a goal and rest 20% then respond uh to a goal and rest 20% somewhere in between. somewhere in between. somewhere in between. There's also difference between AI There's also difference between AI There's also difference between AI agents and agentic systems. AI agent is agents and agentic systems. AI agent is agents and agentic systems. AI agent is an agent or an LLM which has a little an agent or an LLM which has a little an agent or an LLM which has a little bit more of those tools uh some autonomy bit more of those tools uh some autonomy bit more of those tools uh some autonomy around a goal and then goes out and does around a goal and then goes out and does around a goal and then goes out and does something. AI uh agentic systems are something. AI uh agentic systems are something. AI uh agentic systems are more complicated beasts, right? It could more complicated beasts, right? It could more complicated beasts, right? It could be multiple agents working together. be multiple agents working together. be multiple agents working together. Deep research is a good example of Deep research is a good example of Deep research is a good example of multiple agents working together and multiple agents working together and multiple agents working together and getting an outcome for you, generating a getting an outcome for you, generating a getting an outcome for you, generating a PDF or research paper. So uh there's PDF or research paper. So uh there's PDF or research paper. So uh there's slight nuance there which is just slight nuance there which is just slight nuance there which is just calling out kind of uh calling out kind of uh calling out kind of uh uh uh uh terminology there. terminology there. terminology there. Um there's an interesting paper from Um there's an interesting paper from Um there's an interesting paper from Microsoft which uh the Microsoft red Microsoft which uh the Microsoft red Microsoft which uh the Microsoft red team uh recently released um and it kind team uh recently released um and it kind team uh recently released um and it kind of outlines the taxonomy of AI agent of outlines the taxonomy of AI agent of outlines the taxonomy of AI agent failures and it also defines patterns of failures and it also defines patterns of failures and it also defines patterns of agentic systems. So here are some of the agentic systems. So here are some of the agentic systems. So here are some of the patterns right the very first one is a patterns right the very first one is a patterns right the very first one is a userdriven pattern right these are your userdriven pattern right these are your userdriven pattern right these are your typical chat bots user interacts with typical chat bots user interacts with typical chat bots user interacts with them you initiate some action and goes them you initiate some action and goes them you initiate some action and goes does something for you it is never going does something for you it is never going does something for you it is never going to sit down and do things automatically to sit down and do things automatically to sit down and do things automatically for you so those are uh agentic AI for you so those are uh agentic AI for you so those are uh agentic AI systems which are userdriven some of systems which are userdriven some of systems which are userdriven some of them are event driven so whenever an them are event driven so whenever an them are event driven so whenever an email comes to my mailbox do something email comes to my mailbox do something email comes to my mailbox do something about it right that's an example of an about it right that's an example of an about it right that's an example of an event- driven uh agentic system event- driven uh agentic system event- driven uh agentic system declarative agent you you give it a task declarative agent you you give it a task declarative agent you you give it a task uh and say uh and say uh and say you have autonomy over this task. Go do you have autonomy over this task. Go do you have autonomy over this task. Go do this task however you uh kind of plan to this task however you uh kind of plan to this task however you uh kind of plan to do it. Right? So that's an example of a do it. Right? So that's an example of a do it. Right? So that's an example of a declarative system. Evaluative system on declarative system. Evaluative system on declarative system. Evaluative system on the other hands uh is a is an agentic the other hands uh is a is an agentic the other hands uh is a is an agentic system which has a goal. Right? So it system which has a goal. Right? So it system which has a goal. Right? So it will evaluate the situation the will evaluate the situation the will evaluate the situation the situation right it'll come into action situation right it'll come into action situation right it'll come into action do something about it right and then do something about it right and then do something about it right and then collaborative system is user and um collaborative system is user and um collaborative system is user and um agentic systems working together getting agentic systems working together getting agentic systems working together getting stuff done. There are also a pattern stuff done. There are also a pattern stuff done. There are also a pattern around multi- aents, right? And around multi- aents, right? And around multi- aents, right? And multi-agent systems can be different multi-agent systems can be different multi-agent systems can be different types. There could be hierarchical agent types. There could be hierarchical agent types. There could be hierarchical agent uh agentic system where there's a boss uh agentic system where there's a boss uh agentic system where there's a boss agent where it is delegating uh stuff to agent where it is delegating uh stuff to agent where it is delegating uh stuff to other agents to get uh job done. It other agents to get uh job done. It other agents to get uh job done. It could be collaborative uh where all could be collaborative uh where all could be collaborative uh where all agents have kind of peer-to-peer kind of agents have kind of peer-to-peer kind of agents have kind of peer-to-peer kind of communication and same level of access. communication and same level of access. communication and same level of access. They're collaboratively doing something They're collaboratively doing something They're collaboratively doing something or they could distributive where again a or they could distributive where again a or they could distributive where again a boss agent is distributing the task boss agent is distributing the task boss agent is distributing the task between multiple agents and getting between multiple agents and getting between multiple agents and getting stuff done. Again, deep uh research is a stuff done. Again, deep uh research is a stuff done. Again, deep uh research is a good example of a distributor where it good example of a distributor where it good example of a distributor where it sends off uh web agents to go research sends off uh web agents to go research sends off uh web agents to go research something, bring back create something something, bring back create something something, bring back create something and a review agent to then review stuff and a review agent to then review stuff and a review agent to then review stuff and then spit out the final answer and and then spit out the final answer and and then spit out the final answer and things like that. things like that. things like that. This is another uh paper from Microsoft This is another uh paper from Microsoft This is another uh paper from Microsoft called the work uh index report. Um it called the work uh index report. Um it called the work uh index report. Um it lists out five sorry three interesting lists out five sorry three interesting lists out five sorry three interesting phases of agentic systems. uh and I'll phases of agentic systems. uh and I'll phases of agentic systems. uh and I'll let you guys be the judge of where we let you guys be the judge of where we let you guys be the judge of where we are right now or what kind of systems are right now or what kind of systems are right now or what kind of systems are we operating on but on the very uh are we operating on but on the very uh are we operating on but on the very uh first uh kind of phase is again typical first uh kind of phase is again typical first uh kind of phase is again typical chatbots one human working with an uh AI chatbots one human working with an uh AI chatbots one human working with an uh AI system and delegating task uh asking system and delegating task uh asking system and delegating task uh asking questions getting stuff done right so it questions getting stuff done right so it questions getting stuff done right so it helps them make theirs uh work better helps them make theirs uh work better helps them make theirs uh work better faster cheaper right if you will uh so faster cheaper right if you will uh so faster cheaper right if you will uh so those are most of your um kind of AI those are most of your um kind of AI those are most of your um kind of AI chatbots fall in that space the Second chatbots fall in that space the Second chatbots fall in that space the Second phase is where humans are working with phase is where humans are working with phase is where humans are working with other agents, multiple agents uh and other agents, multiple agents uh and other agents, multiple agents uh and getting stuff done, right? I have a getting stuff done, right? I have a getting stuff done, right? I have a friend um Eric Archer. He's a creator. friend um Eric Archer. He's a creator. friend um Eric Archer. He's a creator. He uses a bunch of uh AI bots to create He uses a bunch of uh AI bots to create He uses a bunch of uh AI bots to create movies, short movies, right? So, you'll movies, short movies, right? So, you'll movies, short movies, right? So, you'll use 11 Labs for example music. It'll go use 11 Labs for example music. It'll go use 11 Labs for example music. It'll go uh he'll use Nano Banana or some other uh he'll use Nano Banana or some other uh he'll use Nano Banana or some other uh tool for visuals. And he kind of uh tool for visuals. And he kind of uh tool for visuals. And he kind of brings all of that together into a brings all of that together into a brings all of that together into a script into a short movie, right? So he script into a short movie, right? So he script into a short movie, right? So he is operating as uh phase two where he's is operating as uh phase two where he's is operating as uh phase two where he's the human he's using bunch of other AI the human he's using bunch of other AI the human he's using bunch of other AI agents to get stuff done and then he's agents to get stuff done and then he's agents to get stuff done and then he's bringing all of that together to get the bringing all of that together to get the bringing all of that together to get the task accomplished right task accomplished right task accomplished right and the third phase is where teams of and the third phase is where teams of and the third phase is where teams of agents now join teams of people right agents now join teams of people right agents now join teams of people right hybrid teams hybrid workforce if you hybrid teams hybrid workforce if you hybrid teams hybrid workforce if you will uh and then working and getting will uh and then working and getting will uh and then working and getting stuff done. Some of those agents might stuff done. Some of those agents might stuff done. Some of those agents might work at your discretion at your kind of work at your discretion at your kind of work at your discretion at your kind of clue or pron uh but then some agents clue or pron uh but then some agents clue or pron uh but then some agents might work autonomously and get stuff might work autonomously and get stuff might work autonomously and get stuff done right um so those are kind of three done right um so those are kind of three done right um so those are kind of three phases we I feel we are somewhere in phases we I feel we are somewhere in phases we I feel we are somewhere in between phase one and phase two where between phase one and phase two where between phase one and phase two where again we're transitioning from chat bots again we're transitioning from chat bots again we're transitioning from chat bots to more intelligent systems uh who are to more intelligent systems uh who are to more intelligent systems uh who are work part of our teams maybe now uh and work part of our teams maybe now uh and work part of our teams maybe now uh and then in future we'll go ahead and have then in future we'll go ahead and have then in future we'll go ahead and have uh hybrid teams and digital teams as Um, everybody's familiar uh with the Um, everybody's familiar uh with the Um, everybody's familiar uh with the word wipe coding. We're doing a lot of word wipe coding. We're doing a lot of word wipe coding. We're doing a lot of wipe coding. Hopefully, we're not doing wipe coding. Hopefully, we're not doing wipe coding. Hopefully, we're not doing wipe checks only, right? If you don't uh wipe checks only, right? If you don't uh wipe checks only, right? If you don't uh write the code, hopefully you check it write the code, hopefully you check it write the code, hopefully you check it yourself, right? And you just don't wipe yourself, right? And you just don't wipe yourself, right? And you just don't wipe check stuff into uh production. So, uh check stuff into uh production. So, uh check stuff into uh production. So, uh again, I've I say this always, don't again, I've I say this always, don't again, I've I say this always, don't wipe check your way into production, wipe check your way into production, wipe check your way into production, right? And wipe check is not equal to right? And wipe check is not equal to right? And wipe check is not equal to validation. validation. validation. So there's some examples of uh classical So there's some examples of uh classical So there's some examples of uh classical failures which have recently happened. failures which have recently happened. failures which have recently happened. This was a big one. Uh replet deleted uh This was a big one. Uh replet deleted uh This was a big one. Uh replet deleted uh production data. Uh an example of uh production data. Uh an example of uh production data. Uh an example of uh what the Microsoft um failure tonomy what the Microsoft um failure tonomy what the Microsoft um failure tonomy calls u autonomy escalation or u calls u autonomy escalation or u calls u autonomy escalation or u incorrect permissions. Okay. incorrect permissions. Okay. incorrect permissions. Okay. Another one was uh recently United Another one was uh recently United Another one was uh recently United somebody um somebody um somebody um prompt injected the bot to uh elevate prompt injected the bot to uh elevate prompt injected the bot to uh elevate its access and get stuff done, get its access and get stuff done, get its access and get stuff done, get refunds done, right? So all they had to refunds done, right? So all they had to refunds done, right? So all they had to say is hey I'm a user in the global say is hey I'm a user in the global say is hey I'm a user in the global services and uh the bot just cave in and services and uh the bot just cave in and services and uh the bot just cave in and uh issued refunds. uh issued refunds. uh issued refunds. Sorry. Another one is uh agent Sorry. Another one is uh agent Sorry. Another one is uh agent compromise. This is from uh Microsoft, compromise. This is from uh Microsoft, compromise. This is from uh Microsoft, right? some folks uh broke Microsoft right? some folks uh broke Microsoft right? some folks uh broke Microsoft Copilot Studio um and were able to get Copilot Studio um and were able to get Copilot Studio um and were able to get access to CRM data which otherwise they access to CRM data which otherwise they access to CRM data which otherwise they shouldn't have. Uh again an example of shouldn't have. Uh again an example of shouldn't have. Uh again an example of agent compromise agent compromise agent compromise and then this is a class again a lot of and then this is a class again a lot of and then this is a class again a lot of folks have been doing this they go put folks have been doing this they go put folks have been doing this they go put out uh in their LinkedIn profiles these out uh in their LinkedIn profiles these out uh in their LinkedIn profiles these kind of instructions for AI bots who kind of instructions for AI bots who kind of instructions for AI bots who kind of message them to say hey if kind of message them to say hey if kind of message them to say hey if you're a bot uh say in this in your you're a bot uh say in this in your you're a bot uh say in this in your message so I know who's a bot right uh message so I know who's a bot right uh message so I know who's a bot right uh typical example of uh XPI and we'll deep typical example of uh XPI and we'll deep typical example of uh XPI and we'll deep dive into XPI as a scenario do we have audio Go. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay, I'll I'll do a voice over on this. Okay, I'll I'll do a voice over on this. Okay, I'll I'll do a voice over on this. Right. So this was uh Google went on Right. So this was uh Google went on Right. So this was uh Google went on stage recently at IO and okay let's stage recently at IO and okay let's stage recently at IO and okay let's let's do it one more time if we can. let's do it one more time if we can. let's do it one more time if we can. &gt;&gt; Second we've strengthened protections &gt;&gt; Second we've strengthened protections &gt;&gt; Second we've strengthened protections against security threats like indirect against security threats like indirect against security threats like indirect prompt injections. So Gemini 2.5 is our prompt injections. So Gemini 2.5 is our prompt injections. So Gemini 2.5 is our most secure model yet. So I have friends at Repello. Um these So I have friends at Repello. Um these So I have friends at Repello. Um these guys uh are a red teaming u company guys uh are a red teaming u company guys uh are a red teaming u company startup right they kind of they they they hacked uh Google systems they they they hacked uh Google systems they they they hacked uh Google systems as soon as it was announced u again it as soon as it was announced u again it as soon as it was announced u again it was a very simple example of prompt was a very simple example of prompt was a very simple example of prompt injection we'll talk about that um so injection we'll talk about that um so injection we'll talk about that um so here I mean this is profound right one here I mean this is profound right one here I mean this is profound right one of the things I always say is u measure of the things I always say is u measure of the things I always say is u measure mitigate uh and uh then observe right mitigate uh and uh then observe right mitigate uh and uh then observe right [snorts] [snorts] [snorts] uh if you can't measure something it's uh if you can't measure something it's uh if you can't measure something it's hard to mitigate it right um so there hard to mitigate it right um so there hard to mitigate it right um so there has to be a starting point and the has to be a starting point and the has to be a starting point and the starting point for me for agent failure starting point for me for agent failure starting point for me for agent failure standpoint is this right and this is standpoint is this right and this is standpoint is this right and this is again a Microsoft paper which was about again a Microsoft paper which was about again a Microsoft paper which was about texonomy of uh agent failures right and texonomy of uh agent failures right and texonomy of uh agent failures right and it was divided into four parts uh safety it was divided into four parts uh safety it was divided into four parts uh safety uh and security we should think about uh and security we should think about uh and security we should think about safety is uh inherent biases of the safety is uh inherent biases of the safety is uh inherent biases of the model right which uh create safe unsafe model right which uh create safe unsafe model right which uh create safe unsafe outcomes for people this could be outcomes for people this could be outcomes for people this could be physical safety or kind of opportunity physical safety or kind of opportunity physical safety or kind of opportunity and whatnot, right? And then security is and whatnot, right? And then security is and whatnot, right? And then security is uh can somebody break into the system? uh can somebody break into the system? uh can somebody break into the system? Can somebody uh course the uh uh goals Can somebody uh course the uh uh goals Can somebody uh course the uh uh goals of the system and kind of get past uh of the system and kind of get past uh of the system and kind of get past uh whatever safety you have set up for uh whatever safety you have set up for uh whatever safety you have set up for uh sorry security you have set up for the sorry security you have set up for the sorry security you have set up for the system, right? [snorts] And then on the system, right? [snorts] And then on the system, right? [snorts] And then on the vertical dimension there is existing vertical dimension there is existing vertical dimension there is existing risks and novel risk. Risks which we risks and novel risk. Risks which we risks and novel risk. Risks which we know and are familiar and probably know and are familiar and probably know and are familiar and probably existed in kind of prior systems as existed in kind of prior systems as existed in kind of prior systems as well. uh and then novel things which are well. uh and then novel things which are well. uh and then novel things which are emerging with agentic behavior and emerging with agentic behavior and emerging with agentic behavior and emergent behavior right and you again emergent behavior right and you again emergent behavior right and you again some of the examples you will see uh some of the examples you will see uh some of the examples you will see uh let's see let's see let's see is again term very familiar everybody's is again term very familiar everybody's is again term very familiar everybody's enemy hallucination right um good enemy hallucination right um good enemy hallucination right um good example of safety which is um kind of example of safety which is um kind of example of safety which is um kind of existing and we know about it right user existing and we know about it right user existing and we know about it right user impersonation bias amplification again impersonation bias amplification again impersonation bias amplification again if there's inherent bias in the system if there's inherent bias in the system if there's inherent bias in the system any agentic system built on top of it any agentic system built on top of it any agentic system built on top of it will inherit that bias and would amplify will inherit that bias and would amplify will inherit that bias and would amplify it. Okay. Um some of the examples for um it. Okay. Um some of the examples for um it. Okay. Um some of the examples for um kind of security that already exist is kind of security that already exist is kind of security that already exist is loss of data provenence. Um [snorts] loss of data provenence. Um [snorts] loss of data provenence. Um [snorts] incorrect permissions this exists with incorrect permissions this exists with incorrect permissions this exists with again non-aggentech nonAI systems as again non-aggentech nonAI systems as again non-aggentech nonAI systems as well. Uh AI just amplifies it. Um XPI well. Uh AI just amplifies it. Um XPI well. Uh AI just amplifies it. Um XPI we'll talk about it. Memory poisoning we'll talk about it. Memory poisoning we'll talk about it. Memory poisoning right? If you poison the memory of uh right? If you poison the memory of uh right? If you poison the memory of uh the bot then it you can subvert its the bot then it you can subvert its the bot then it you can subvert its goals and have it do things which it was goals and have it do things which it was goals and have it do things which it was not uh supposed to do. not uh supposed to do. not uh supposed to do. on the kind of novel uh safety sides. uh on the kind of novel uh safety sides. uh on the kind of novel uh safety sides. uh we again what we saw from replet that is we again what we saw from replet that is we again what we saw from replet that is an example of organizational knowledge an example of organizational knowledge an example of organizational knowledge loss deleted the whole database right um loss deleted the whole database right um loss deleted the whole database right um and on on the security side we'll see and on on the security side we'll see and on on the security side we'll see agent injection agent compromise we that agent injection agent compromise we that agent injection agent compromise we that Microsoft example was a good example of Microsoft example was a good example of Microsoft example was a good example of agent compromise same for the United agent compromise same for the United agent compromise same for the United scenario as well uh agent injection you scenario as well uh agent injection you scenario as well uh agent injection you can inject nefarious goal to agents uh can inject nefarious goal to agents uh can inject nefarious goal to agents uh multi- aent jailbreak you can have other multi- aent jailbreak you can have other multi- aent jailbreak you can have other agents jailbreak take uh other agents as agents jailbreak take uh other agents as agents jailbreak take uh other agents as well, right? Uh think of scenarios where well, right? Uh think of scenarios where well, right? Uh think of scenarios where everybody has agents, all business have everybody has agents, all business have everybody has agents, all business have agents and agents are communicating over agents and agents are communicating over agents and agents are communicating over A2A or whatnot, right? You can design an A2A or whatnot, right? You can design an A2A or whatnot, right? You can design an agent to uh jailbreak a different agent, agent to uh jailbreak a different agent, agent to uh jailbreak a different agent, right? Uh and then agent impersonation right? Uh and then agent impersonation right? Uh and then agent impersonation and agent tries to look and feel like and agent tries to look and feel like and agent tries to look and feel like reviewer agent or kind of somebody reviewer agent or kind of somebody reviewer agent or kind of somebody else's agent and uh actually is not else's agent and uh actually is not else's agent and uh actually is not right. So again can inject uh nefarious right. So again can inject uh nefarious right. So again can inject uh nefarious goals in the system. So one of the goals in the system. So one of the goals in the system. So one of the things that I wanted to do was uh deep things that I wanted to do was uh deep things that I wanted to do was uh deep dive a little bit on just my experience dive a little bit on just my experience dive a little bit on just my experience dealing with one of these risks and how dealing with one of these risks and how dealing with one of these risks and how did we design a measurement criteria for did we design a measurement criteria for did we design a measurement criteria for it uh and how did we mitigate it right it uh and how did we mitigate it right it uh and how did we mitigate it right so XPI is uh called uh indirect prompt so XPI is uh called uh indirect prompt so XPI is uh called uh indirect prompt injection also called crossdain prompt injection also called crossdain prompt injection also called crossdain prompt injection u and that is one of the thing injection u and that is one of the thing injection u and that is one of the thing that I was dealing with or tackling when that I was dealing with or tackling when that I was dealing with or tackling when we were releasing uh some of the work on we were releasing uh some of the work on we were releasing uh some of the work on the copilot studio the copilot studio the copilot studio so the concept behind XPI across The so the concept behind XPI across The so the concept behind XPI across The main prompt injection is uh you are a main prompt injection is uh you are a main prompt injection is uh you are a user uh or even a developer you have user uh or even a developer you have user uh or even a developer you have good goals good intentions and you've good goals good intentions and you've good goals good intentions and you've built a system which uh has integrated built a system which uh has integrated built a system which uh has integrated an LLM and you prompt it and creates an an LLM and you prompt it and creates an an LLM and you prompt it and creates an outcome but you have no control over outcome but you have no control over outcome but you have no control over external content. So, let's say uh an external content. So, let's say uh an external content. So, let's say uh an email comes in, right? And you're email comes in, right? And you're email comes in, right? And you're processing an email or uh let's say a processing an email or uh let's say a processing an email or uh let's say a claim request comes in, you're claim request comes in, you're claim request comes in, you're processing that. You're looking up some processing that. You're looking up some processing that. You're looking up some internet article and processing it, internet article and processing it, internet article and processing it, right? All of those are examples of right? All of those are examples of right? All of those are examples of external content. And if they're external content. And if they're external content. And if they're compromised, infected intentionally, compromised, infected intentionally, compromised, infected intentionally, unintentionally, however, right, then unintentionally, however, right, then unintentionally, however, right, then can lead to wrong outcomes. Remember can lead to wrong outcomes. Remember can lead to wrong outcomes. Remember that LinkedIn example, right? Somebody that LinkedIn example, right? Somebody that LinkedIn example, right? Somebody wrote intentionally in their bio, hey, wrote intentionally in their bio, hey, wrote intentionally in their bio, hey, if you're a bot, do this, right? So if you're a bot, do this, right? So if you're a bot, do this, right? So they're infecting their um their uh they're infecting their um their uh they're infecting their um their uh about section with intentional malicious about section with intentional malicious about section with intentional malicious things that a bot can read and do things that a bot can read and do things that a bot can read and do something. Okay. So that's an example of something. Okay. So that's an example of something. Okay. So that's an example of external content you have no control and external content you have no control and external content you have no control and is poison. What could it do? Summarize is poison. What could it do? Summarize is poison. What could it do? Summarize this news and you've given nice this news and you've given nice this news and you've given nice instruction and what that if that news instruction and what that if that news instruction and what that if that news is somehow compromised, right? as a goal is somehow compromised, right? as a goal is somehow compromised, right? as a goal in the end then your responses could in the end then your responses could in the end then your responses could also manifest and um showcase those uh also manifest and um showcase those uh also manifest and um showcase those uh unintended outcomes right so first of unintended outcomes right so first of unintended outcomes right so first of all now that we know that this problem all now that we know that this problem all now that we know that this problem exists how do we uh measure what is uh exists how do we uh measure what is uh exists how do we uh measure what is uh the impact of it right how pervasive is the impact of it right how pervasive is the impact of it right how pervasive is this problem in my system right until this problem in my system right until this problem in my system right until you know you can't fix it right or if you know you can't fix it right or if you know you can't fix it right or if you fix it you don't know how how much you fix it you don't know how how much you fix it you don't know how how much dent I made in it right so one of the uh dent I made in it right so one of the uh dent I made in it right so one of the uh things that we did was we designed an ex things that we did was we designed an ex things that we did was we designed an ex we designed a measurement system uh to we designed a measurement system uh to we designed a measurement system uh to me oop sorry measure something called uh me oop sorry measure something called uh me oop sorry measure something called uh basically design a metric right attack basically design a metric right attack basically design a metric right attack success uh rate and and then go measure success uh rate and and then go measure success uh rate and and then go measure it so the way we did was we created an it so the way we did was we created an it so the way we did was we created an examples uh about thousand examples of examples uh about thousand examples of examples uh about thousand examples of infected documents with a goal embedded infected documents with a goal embedded infected documents with a goal embedded in it and on the other side uh of the in it and on the other side uh of the in it and on the other side uh of the LLM we see this is our eval we say hey LLM we see this is our eval we say hey LLM we see this is our eval we say hey was the u bad outcome uh picked up by was the u bad outcome uh picked up by was the u bad outcome uh picked up by the model and did it ran with it or did the model and did it ran with it or did the model and did it ran with it or did it not run with it. Right? So based on it not run with it. Right? So based on it not run with it. Right? So based on those you can now start to measure it those you can now start to measure it those you can now start to measure it and the way we did was we infected it and the way we did was we infected it and the way we did was we infected it with a keyword. Every time you process with a keyword. Every time you process with a keyword. Every time you process this print this keyword and thousand this print this keyword and thousand this print this keyword and thousand different ways of telling it the same different ways of telling it the same different ways of telling it the same thing right on the other side you run thing right on the other side you run thing right on the other side you run those thousand examples and see how many those thousand examples and see how many those thousand examples and see how many times right of those thousand did you times right of those thousand did you times right of those thousand did you get that word printed right or did you get that word printed right or did you get that word printed right or did you get that goal uh accomplished and that get that goal uh accomplished and that get that goal uh accomplished and that is your attack success rate. Now that is your attack success rate. Now that is your attack success rate. Now that you know that your attack success rate you know that your attack success rate you know that your attack success rate is 20% right you have a problem. It is 20% right you have a problem. It is 20% right you have a problem. It could be 0.5% might not be a problem could be 0.5% might not be a problem could be 0.5% might not be a problem right depending on the measurement you right depending on the measurement you right depending on the measurement you go then design your mitigation and the go then design your mitigation and the go then design your mitigation and the mitigation that we designed was or mitigation that we designed was or mitigation that we designed was or multiple approaches how do how we kind multiple approaches how do how we kind multiple approaches how do how we kind of mitigated it was one of the uh of mitigated it was one of the uh of mitigated it was one of the uh approaches to watermark right anytime approaches to watermark right anytime approaches to watermark right anytime uh un uh anytime external data that is uh un uh anytime external data that is uh un uh anytime external data that is coming in you watermark it right you say coming in you watermark it right you say coming in you watermark it right you say hey this is untrusted data coming from hey this is untrusted data coming from hey this is untrusted data coming from untrusted domain I'm going a watermark untrusted domain I'm going a watermark untrusted domain I'm going a watermark it and then uh treat it differently. it and then uh treat it differently. it and then uh treat it differently. When we were building this system, When we were building this system, When we were building this system, OpenAI model spec had not come. So if OpenAI model spec had not come. So if OpenAI model spec had not come. So if you read OpenAI model spec now, it has you read OpenAI model spec now, it has you read OpenAI model spec now, it has different hierarchies for different different hierarchies for different different hierarchies for different systems like this, right? So for systems like this, right? So for systems like this, right? So for example, it now has instruction example, it now has instruction example, it now has instruction hierarchy. Initially it did not had hierarchy. Initially it did not had hierarchy. Initially it did not had instruction hierarchy. So the user prom instruction hierarchy. So the user prom instruction hierarchy. So the user prom the developer prompt the external data the developer prompt the external data the developer prompt the external data goes as one blob to uh the openi model goes as one blob to uh the openi model goes as one blob to uh the openi model or any model uh and the outcomes come or any model uh and the outcomes come or any model uh and the outcomes come comes back right so there's no comes back right so there's no comes back right so there's no information hierarchy you cannot say hey information hierarchy you cannot say hey information hierarchy you cannot say hey my instruction is more important than my instruction is more important than my instruction is more important than your or if there is race condition your or if there is race condition your or if there is race condition conflict then read this instruction conflict then read this instruction conflict then read this instruction versus other right so it did not have versus other right so it did not have versus other right so it did not have that concept [snorts] later more openi that concept [snorts] later more openi that concept [snorts] later more openi came up with this so we came up with the came up with this so we came up with the came up with this so we came up with the idea of uh watermarking when openi came idea of uh watermarking when openi came idea of uh watermarking when openi came up with instruction hierarchy. Now it up with instruction hierarchy. Now it up with instruction hierarchy. Now it becomes a little bit more easier. You becomes a little bit more easier. You becomes a little bit more easier. You can say hey system prompt has top can say hey system prompt has top can say hey system prompt has top priority. Anytime any other prompts have priority. Anytime any other prompts have priority. Anytime any other prompts have uh conflicts uh or race conditions uh conflicts uh or race conditions uh conflicts uh or race conditions always follow system prompt, right? Then always follow system prompt, right? Then always follow system prompt, right? Then comes developer prompt, right? You have comes developer prompt, right? You have comes developer prompt, right? You have given it right goals uh with good given it right goals uh with good given it right goals uh with good intentions. So you want to preserve intentions. So you want to preserve intentions. So you want to preserve those and give it higher importance. those and give it higher importance. those and give it higher importance. User prompt and then external uh User prompt and then external uh User prompt and then external uh documents. Untrusted domain, untrusted documents. Untrusted domain, untrusted documents. Untrusted domain, untrusted data, right? You never take instructions data, right? You never take instructions data, right? You never take instructions from that. You could also take all of from that. You could also take all of from that. You could also take all of this and merge with it and create a more this and merge with it and create a more this and merge with it and create a more robust system. Again, depends upon what robust system. Again, depends upon what robust system. Again, depends upon what is your attack success rate. If your is your attack success rate. If your is your attack success rate. If your attack success rate is higher, you want attack success rate is higher, you want attack success rate is higher, you want to blend in multiple uh options to kind to blend in multiple uh options to kind to blend in multiple uh options to kind of make a more robust uh mitigation of make a more robust uh mitigation of make a more robust uh mitigation plan, right? And then you again measure plan, right? And then you again measure plan, right? And then you again measure it and see how did it reduce your uh it and see how did it reduce your uh it and see how did it reduce your uh attack. Another approach is those are uh attack. Another approach is those are uh attack. Another approach is those are uh blackbox approaches where you have no blackbox approaches where you have no blackbox approaches where you have no control over the LLM. You don't have control over the LLM. You don't have control over the LLM. You don't have access to the LM. I don't have access to access to the LM. I don't have access to access to the LM. I don't have access to open. But if you have access to the open. But if you have access to the open. But if you have access to the model, you could take uh a step further. model, you could take uh a step further. model, you could take uh a step further. You can actually create a white box You can actually create a white box You can actually create a white box approach where you're telling or approach where you're telling or approach where you're telling or training the models to take special training the models to take special training the models to take special tokens uh as tokens of indicative of tokens uh as tokens of indicative of tokens uh as tokens of indicative of external content. Right? So I can say external content. Right? So I can say external content. Right? So I can say hey uh underscore external content for hey uh underscore external content for hey uh underscore external content for example is a special token which will example is a special token which will example is a special token which will come always from us and nobody else. So come always from us and nobody else. So come always from us and nobody else. So you treat it as thus and uh deal with you treat it as thus and uh deal with you treat it as thus and uh deal with it. [snorts] it. [snorts] it. [snorts] Um so that's how we deal with XPI. Um so that's how we deal with XPI. Um so that's how we deal with XPI. Another place where uh agents fall apart Another place where uh agents fall apart Another place where uh agents fall apart is uh between the P to production phase, is uh between the P to production phase, is uh between the P to production phase, right? Um it is easy to spring up a P. I right? Um it is easy to spring up a P. I right? Um it is easy to spring up a P. I always say if you're building anything a always say if you're building anything a always say if you're building anything a base model will give you 90% efficacy to base model will give you 90% efficacy to base model will give you 90% efficacy to whatever you're trying to build but the whatever you're trying to build but the whatever you're trying to build but the part from 91 to 99% is the most kind of part from 91 to 99% is the most kind of part from 91 to 99% is the most kind of difficult path right and what has worked difficult path right and what has worked difficult path right and what has worked well for folks uh or customers of ours well for folks uh or customers of ours well for folks uh or customers of ours at least who are building on the at least who are building on the at least who are building on the platform is using specialized uh narrow platform is using specialized uh narrow platform is using specialized uh narrow agents on domain tasks. So that's one agents on domain tasks. So that's one agents on domain tasks. So that's one thing. Second is think of uh agentic thing. Second is think of uh agentic thing. Second is think of uh agentic systems and not monolithic things but systems and not monolithic things but systems and not monolithic things but smaller microsurfaces coming together smaller microsurfaces coming together smaller microsurfaces coming together smaller microaggents coming together and smaller microaggents coming together and smaller microaggents coming together and getting stuff done. The the benefit of getting stuff done. The the benefit of getting stuff done. The the benefit of that is you can create clear isolation that is you can create clear isolation that is you can create clear isolation boundaries you can test individual boundaries you can test individual boundaries you can test individual components and you can bring them components and you can bring them components and you can bring them together. [snorts] Uh and that's kind of together. [snorts] Uh and that's kind of together. [snorts] Uh and that's kind of the the last point is it enables comp the the last point is it enables comp the the last point is it enables comp component level kind of validation to component level kind of validation to component level kind of validation to create a more predictable behavior. So create a more predictable behavior. So create a more predictable behavior. So again, [snorts] these are some of the again, [snorts] these are some of the again, [snorts] these are some of the kind of strategies that we have helped kind of strategies that we have helped kind of strategies that we have helped customers kind of think through as they customers kind of think through as they customers kind of think through as they go from PC to uh production. go from PC to uh production. go from PC to uh production. That's pretty much it. My time. I'm That's pretty much it. My time. I'm That's pretty much it. My time. I'm happy to take questions. &gt;&gt; Returns. &gt;&gt; Returns. &gt;&gt; Returns. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Again uh like always the answer is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Again uh like always the answer is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Again uh like always the answer is it depends right it depends on the it depends right it depends on the it depends right it depends on the customer what goals they are trying to customer what goals they are trying to customer what goals they are trying to achieve right how agentic is that system achieve right how agentic is that system achieve right how agentic is that system uh is the task atomic enough can you uh is the task atomic enough can you uh is the task atomic enough can you break it down into sub subtasks right break it down into sub subtasks right break it down into sub subtasks right and if you can then break it down it and if you can then break it down it and if you can then break it down it doesn't has to be multi- aent system you doesn't has to be multi- aent system you doesn't has to be multi- aent system you can break down tasks into sub subtools can break down tasks into sub subtools can break down tasks into sub subtools right so you can give agent u many tools right so you can give agent u many tools right so you can give agent u many tools to work with and you can test those to work with and you can test those to work with and you can test those tools in isol ation and the tools are tools in isol ation and the tools are tools in isol ation and the tools are working fine. Hopefully the aggregate is working fine. Hopefully the aggregate is working fine. Hopefully the aggregate is is is much safer, right? So you can is is much safer, right? So you can is is much safer, right? So you can break it down thus. &gt;&gt; Yes, please. &gt;&gt; Yes, please. &gt;&gt; Yes, please. &gt;&gt; Will you be sharing the presentation &gt;&gt; Will you be sharing the presentation &gt;&gt; Will you be sharing the presentation with us? with us? with us? &gt;&gt; I am happy to share. I'll upload it on &gt;&gt; I am happy to share. I'll upload it on &gt;&gt; I am happy to share. I'll upload it on LinkedIn as well. I'm happy to share. LinkedIn as well. I'm happy to share. LinkedIn as well. I'm happy to share. I'll upload it on LinkedIn as well. You I'll upload it on LinkedIn as well. You I'll upload it on LinkedIn as well. You can grab it from there. Thank you. Could can grab it from there. Thank you. Could can grab it from there. Thank you. Could you talk a little bit more and what you think and what you think and what you think to work through to those? to work through to those? to work through to those? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I always um advise customers &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I always um advise customers &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I always um advise customers if your work if the workflow works for if your work if the workflow works for if your work if the workflow works for you just stay with it, right? I mean you you just stay with it, right? I mean you you just stay with it, right? I mean you have to think through why you want to have to think through why you want to have to think through why you want to move a scripted workflow or um a low move a scripted workflow or um a low move a scripted workflow or um a low code workflow to an agentic workflow. code workflow to an agentic workflow. code workflow to an agentic workflow. There has to be some dimension of um There has to be some dimension of um There has to be some dimension of um judgment decision making right. So only judgment decision making right. So only judgment decision making right. So only that part needs to be upleveled into an that part needs to be upleveled into an that part needs to be upleveled into an agentic behavior. Right? Everything else agentic behavior. Right? Everything else agentic behavior. Right? Everything else can be very scripted still. Right? So can be very scripted still. Right? So can be very scripted still. Right? So the more the system is deterministic the the more the system is deterministic the the more the system is deterministic the better it is uh and more measurable it better it is uh and more measurable it better it is uh and more measurable it is right? So always start there and is right? So always start there and is right? So always start there and figure out right what is the decision figure out right what is the decision figure out right what is the decision making that I need to uplevel kind don't making that I need to uplevel kind don't making that I need to uplevel kind don't do AI for the sake of AI is the advice I do AI for the sake of AI is the advice I do AI for the sake of AI is the advice I would say would say would say &gt;&gt; so you don't see longer term if you're &gt;&gt; so you don't see longer term if you're &gt;&gt; so you don't see longer term if you're starting from scratch &gt;&gt; you don't see ultimately the goal would be to see ultimately the goal would be to see ultimately the goal would be to identify uh to to measure efficacy of identify uh to to measure efficacy of identify uh to to measure efficacy of the system, right? Which system enables the system, right? Which system enables the system, right? Which system enables you to kind of get closer to that you to kind of get closer to that you to kind of get closer to that determinism as much as possible. That determinism as much as possible. That determinism as much as possible. That should determine like where do you want should determine like where do you want should determine like where do you want to start, right? Uh and then what's the to start, right? Uh and then what's the to start, right? Uh and then what's the threshold, right? What compliances you threshold, right? What compliances you threshold, right? What compliances you want to run against it, right? What eval want to run against it, right? What eval want to run against it, right? What eval you want to run against it? If you have you want to run against it? If you have you want to run against it? If you have if you operate in a system where you if you operate in a system where you if you operate in a system where you have well- definfined evals, uh you can have well- definfined evals, uh you can have well- definfined evals, uh you can go towards agentic systems, right? If go towards agentic systems, right? If go towards agentic systems, right? If you don't have your eval in place, then you don't have your eval in place, then you don't have your eval in place, then how do you know good or bad, right? And how do you know good or bad, right? And how do you know good or bad, right? And that always comes down to that that always comes down to that that always comes down to that measurement piece, right? I should be measurement piece, right? I should be measurement piece, right? I should be able to deise a mechanism to say good or able to deise a mechanism to say good or able to deise a mechanism to say good or bad, right? And if I have that, then I bad, right? And if I have that, then I bad, right? And if I have that, then I can let it run. Uh because I can observe can let it run. Uh because I can observe can let it run. Uh because I can observe it and I can observe the behavior and it and I can observe the behavior and it and I can observe the behavior and say whether it was a good outcome or a say whether it was a good outcome or a say whether it was a good outcome or a bad outcome, right? So if you have bad outcome, right? So if you have bad outcome, right? So if you have observ observability built into the observ observability built into the observ observability built into the system, you're starting off from a good system, you're starting off from a good system, you're starting off from a good place. place. place. &gt;&gt; To me, that's where term. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And I'm big on the idea of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And I'm big on the idea of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And I'm big on the idea of sub agent concepts because the more sub agent concepts because the more sub agent concepts because the more narrower the task is, we saw that this narrower the task is, we saw that this narrower the task is, we saw that this slide itself, right? The narrower the slide itself, right? The narrower the slide itself, right? The narrower the easier it is to control, the easier it easier it is to control, the easier it easier it is to control, the easier it is to validate and uh course correct as is to validate and uh course correct as is to validate and uh course correct as well. Uh and then it's isolated. So if well. Uh and then it's isolated. So if well. Uh and then it's isolated. So if that goes wrong, you can isolate it, that goes wrong, you can isolate it, that goes wrong, you can isolate it, bring it out, fix it, bring it back in. bring it out, fix it, bring it back in. bring it out, fix it, bring it back in. It doesn't hampers the rest of the It doesn't hampers the rest of the It doesn't hampers the rest of the system, right? So again, same microser system, right? So again, same microser system, right? So again, same microser architecture, right? Multi-agent architecture, right? Multi-agent architecture, right? Multi-agent architecture is should be headed that architecture is should be headed that architecture is should be headed that way. So you can introduce new concepts, way. So you can introduce new concepts, way. So you can introduce new concepts, new capabilities and think of it as uh new capabilities and think of it as uh new capabilities and think of it as uh skills for the boss agent, right? You skills for the boss agent, right? You skills for the boss agent, right? You can add more skills later on. can add more skills later on. can add more skills later on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh first of all, great job as &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh first of all, great job as &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh first of all, great job as she's uh breaking down some pretty she's uh breaking down some pretty she's uh breaking down some pretty complex processes and and and ideas into complex processes and and and ideas into complex processes and and and ideas into some things and giving some really good some things and giving some really good some things and giving some really good concrete examples. But I was going to, concrete examples. But I was going to, concrete examples. But I was going to, you know, kind of on that same vein, you you know, kind of on that same vein, you you know, kind of on that same vein, you know, if you have a new process, you know, if you have a new process, you know, if you have a new process, you know, that you're trying to put into an know, that you're trying to put into an know, that you're trying to put into an agentic, you know, hey, is this valid agentic, you know, hey, is this valid agentic, you know, hey, is this valid for an agentic workflow, right? for an agentic workflow, right? for an agentic workflow, right? &gt;&gt; That process is a whole bunch of steps, &gt;&gt; That process is a whole bunch of steps, &gt;&gt; That process is a whole bunch of steps, right? And there's going to be some right? And there's going to be some right? And there's going to be some steps that steps that steps that &gt;&gt; just add two, right? Like, you know, &gt;&gt; just add two, right? Like, you know, &gt;&gt; just add two, right? Like, you know, there's no reason to go to an LLM for there's no reason to go to an LLM for there's no reason to go to an LLM for that. Yeah. that. Yeah. that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. And then you're going to have &gt;&gt; Right. And then you're going to have &gt;&gt; Right. And then you're going to have some step where your analyst goes, well, some step where your analyst goes, well, some step where your analyst goes, well, this is where things get hairy, right? this is where things get hairy, right? this is where things get hairy, right? That's where you say, "Okay, now why That's where you say, "Okay, now why That's where you say, "Okay, now why does it get hairy?" Right? And that's does it get hairy?" Right? And that's does it get hairy?" Right? And that's where you dig in and you start saying, where you dig in and you start saying, where you dig in and you start saying, "Well, what are the tools that we need "Well, what are the tools that we need "Well, what are the tools that we need to to assemble to solve that problem, to to assemble to solve that problem, to to assemble to solve that problem, right?" right?" right?" &gt;&gt; Um, and that that's where you start &gt;&gt; Um, and that that's where you start &gt;&gt; Um, and that that's where you start getting into some of those those hybrid getting into some of those those hybrid getting into some of those those hybrid workflows. Um, is is when you really workflows. Um, is is when you really workflows. Um, is is when you really think what is the piece that I really think what is the piece that I really think what is the piece that I really need help with? Um, because the other need help with? Um, because the other need help with? Um, because the other piece is it's going to be simpler. piece is it's going to be simpler. piece is it's going to be simpler. &gt;&gt; Uh, to Ashisha's point, it's going to be &gt;&gt; Uh, to Ashisha's point, it's going to be &gt;&gt; Uh, to Ashisha's point, it's going to be safer and it's going to be more safer and it's going to be more safer and it's going to be more consistent and it's going to be a heck consistent and it's going to be a heck consistent and it's going to be a heck of a lot cheaper um, if you're if you're of a lot cheaper um, if you're if you're of a lot cheaper um, if you're if you're not using the LLM for those portions. not using the LLM for those portions. not using the LLM for those portions. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Last intuition I want to leave you &gt;&gt; Yeah. Last intuition I want to leave you &gt;&gt; Yeah. Last intuition I want to leave you folks with is like as a product manager folks with is like as a product manager folks with is like as a product manager I always say you own two sides of the I always say you own two sides of the I always say you own two sides of the spectrum. You own the spec, the spectrum. You own the spec, the spectrum. You own the spec, the definition of what needs to be done and definition of what needs to be done and definition of what needs to be done and then you also own how it should be then you also own how it should be then you also own how it should be evaluated. Right? So eval right. So as evaluated. Right? So eval right. So as evaluated. Right? So eval right. So as much as right if you own the evals you much as right if you own the evals you much as right if you own the evals you have a good understanding of the evals have a good understanding of the evals have a good understanding of the evals you have a good understanding what the you have a good understanding what the you have a good understanding what the system should do anything in between can system should do anything in between can system should do anything in between can kind of flow eb and flow right and kind of flow eb and flow right and kind of flow eb and flow right and evolve but those things you have to own evolve but those things you have to own evolve but those things you have to own completely. completely. completely. Thank you.
