Is it possible to build a personal Is it possible to build a personal Is it possible to build a personal assistant with AI? The answer is yes. assistant with AI? The answer is yes. assistant with AI? The answer is yes. And in this video, I'm going to show you And in this video, I'm going to show you And in this video, I'm going to show you how to do it. So, my name is Charlie. how to do it. So, my name is Charlie. how to do it. So, my name is Charlie. I'm an AI nerd and I built my own AI I'm an AI nerd and I built my own AI I'm an AI nerd and I built my own AI assistant with Gemini 3 and N. So, assistant with Gemini 3 and N. So, assistant with Gemini 3 and N. So, currently this assistant saves me about currently this assistant saves me about currently this assistant saves me about 30 hours a week. It's running 24/7 doing 30 hours a week. It's running 24/7 doing 30 hours a week. It's running 24/7 doing a whole bunch of different tasks. And a whole bunch of different tasks. And a whole bunch of different tasks. And I'll include templates that you guys can I'll include templates that you guys can I'll include templates that you guys can actually download for free below. So, actually download for free below. So, actually download for free below. So, yeah, just follow along with this video yeah, just follow along with this video yeah, just follow along with this video and let's get started. You might be and let's get started. You might be and let's get started. You might be wondering, what can I actually use an AI wondering, what can I actually use an AI wondering, what can I actually use an AI assistant for? Well, my answer is assistant for? Well, my answer is assistant for? Well, my answer is basically anything. So, if you're a basically anything. So, if you're a basically anything. So, if you're a business owner, it can actually help you business owner, it can actually help you business owner, it can actually help you run a lot of your business operations. run a lot of your business operations. run a lot of your business operations. And if you're just someone that wants to And if you're just someone that wants to And if you're just someone that wants to have more free time to do less admin have more free time to do less admin have more free time to do less admin work, it's also perfect for that. And work, it's also perfect for that. And work, it's also perfect for that. And yeah, like I said, I've gone ahead and yeah, like I said, I've gone ahead and yeah, like I said, I've gone ahead and built a bunch of different templates built a bunch of different templates built a bunch of different templates that apply to almost everyone, and you that apply to almost everyone, and you that apply to almost everyone, and you can find those linked in the can find those linked in the can find those linked in the description. Now, every one of you description. Now, every one of you description. Now, every one of you watching this video needs to have an AI watching this video needs to have an AI watching this video needs to have an AI personal assistant. Seriously, you do personal assistant. Seriously, you do personal assistant. Seriously, you do not need to hire a full team anymore. not need to hire a full team anymore. not need to hire a full team anymore. Instead, everyone can basically act as a Instead, everyone can basically act as a Instead, everyone can basically act as a CEO of their own life or business. and CEO of their own life or business. and CEO of their own life or business. and it costs like 99.9% less. And yeah, it costs like 99.9% less. And yeah, it costs like 99.9% less. And yeah, basically in this video, I'll show you basically in this video, I'll show you basically in this video, I'll show you exactly how I run my own AI personal exactly how I run my own AI personal exactly how I run my own AI personal assistant, my exact tech stack that I assistant, my exact tech stack that I assistant, my exact tech stack that I use, and also how to set it up yourself. use, and also how to set it up yourself. use, and also how to set it up yourself. So to actually run our operations, we So to actually run our operations, we So to actually run our operations, we need three main things. First, you need need three main things. First, you need need three main things. First, you need n, which you guys have probably heard n, which you guys have probably heard n, which you guys have probably heard of. This is basically what we use to of. This is basically what we use to of. This is basically what we use to build the automations. Then you use build the automations. Then you use build the automations. Then you use Gemini 3 or anything similar to that. Gemini 3 or anything similar to that. Gemini 3 or anything similar to that. This is basically the AI brain. And then This is basically the AI brain. And then This is basically the AI brain. And then you'll also need a VPS which is you'll also need a VPS which is you'll also need a VPS which is basically going to host Nan in this use basically going to host Nan in this use basically going to host Nan in this use case. Think of this as like a server case. Think of this as like a server case. Think of this as like a server that you own that hosts and runs all of that you own that hosts and runs all of that you own that hosts and runs all of these automations 24/7. Yeah, this is these automations 24/7. Yeah, this is these automations 24/7. Yeah, this is exactly how I run my own AI personal exactly how I run my own AI personal exactly how I run my own AI personal assistant. So when you combine these assistant. So when you combine these assistant. So when you combine these three things, you have a very powerful three things, you have a very powerful three things, you have a very powerful assistant that can access your files, assistant that can access your files, assistant that can access your files, your Google Drive, your email, pretty your Google Drive, your email, pretty your Google Drive, your email, pretty much anything. And it can actually do a much anything. And it can actually do a much anything. And it can actually do a ton of extensive tasks for you that ton of extensive tasks for you that ton of extensive tasks for you that saves you a ton of time. for example, saves you a ton of time. for example, saves you a ton of time. for example, building you presentations, compiling building you presentations, compiling building you presentations, compiling reports, booking airline tickets or reports, booking airline tickets or reports, booking airline tickets or hotels. Basically, everything that an hotels. Basically, everything that an hotels. Basically, everything that an executive assistant can do. Okay, so the executive assistant can do. Okay, so the executive assistant can do. Okay, so the first step is that we need a VPS. So, first step is that we need a VPS. So, first step is that we need a VPS. So, this is a virtual private server and this is a virtual private server and this is a virtual private server and this is what we use to actually run N this is what we use to actually run N this is what we use to actually run N on. Now, you can go directly to N and on. Now, you can go directly to N and on. Now, you can go directly to N and pay like $24 a month for their own pay like $24 a month for their own pay like $24 a month for their own hosting. But my little workaround is I hosting. But my little workaround is I hosting. But my little workaround is I just use the free NAN license and pair just use the free NAN license and pair just use the free NAN license and pair it with my own server. So, if you do it it with my own server. So, if you do it it with my own server. So, if you do it this way, it actually saves about 70%. this way, it actually saves about 70%. this way, it actually saves about 70%. And just in my opinion, it makes a ton And just in my opinion, it makes a ton And just in my opinion, it makes a ton of sense. Most people don't realize that of sense. Most people don't realize that of sense. Most people don't realize that N has a community version that's 100% N has a community version that's 100% N has a community version that's 100% free. And getting your own VPS is way free. And getting your own VPS is way free. And getting your own VPS is way cheaper than using theirs. So, if you cheaper than using theirs. So, if you cheaper than using theirs. So, if you guys click on the link down below, it's guys click on the link down below, it's guys click on the link down below, it's going to take you to a special Hostinger going to take you to a special Hostinger going to take you to a special Hostinger N landing page. It's going to look N landing page. It's going to look N landing page. It's going to look something like this. It's very important something like this. It's very important something like this. It's very important that you follow this exact link cuz this that you follow this exact link cuz this that you follow this exact link cuz this is going to install N directly on our is going to install N directly on our is going to install N directly on our VPS without us having to do anything VPS without us having to do anything VPS without us having to do anything else. So, we'll click on choose your else. So, we'll click on choose your else. So, we'll click on choose your plan. And guys, this is the exact VPS plan. And guys, this is the exact VPS plan. And guys, this is the exact VPS that I use to run my automations. You that I use to run my automations. You that I use to run my automations. You have a bunch of different ones to choose have a bunch of different ones to choose have a bunch of different ones to choose from, but for most of you, I think the from, but for most of you, I think the from, but for most of you, I think the KVM2 plan is going to be fast enough KVM2 plan is going to be fast enough KVM2 plan is going to be fast enough with enough memory and stuff like that. with enough memory and stuff like that. with enough memory and stuff like that. Of course, you can choose which plan you Of course, you can choose which plan you Of course, you can choose which plan you want. Just for this video, let's go with want. Just for this video, let's go with want. Just for this video, let's go with the KVM 2. In terms of how long you want the KVM 2. In terms of how long you want the KVM 2. In terms of how long you want to select for, I recommend doing 12 to to select for, I recommend doing 12 to to select for, I recommend doing 12 to 24 months. It's similar pricing, but the 24 months. It's similar pricing, but the 24 months. It's similar pricing, but the longer you choose, the longer it locks longer you choose, the longer it locks longer you choose, the longer it locks in this really low promo rate for. So in this really low promo rate for. So in this really low promo rate for. So yeah, it's going to save you money in yeah, it's going to save you money in yeah, it's going to save you money in the long term. You want to select your the long term. You want to select your the long term. You want to select your server location. So that's going to be server location. So that's going to be server location. So that's going to be closest to where you are or your closest to where you are or your closest to where you are or your clients. For me, that's going to be clients. For me, that's going to be clients. For me, that's going to be Phoenix. Here under operating system, Phoenix. Here under operating system, Phoenix. Here under operating system, you're going to want to select N. This you're going to want to select N. This you're going to want to select N. This should be automatically selected if you should be automatically selected if you should be automatically selected if you use that link. You can also choose to use that link. You can also choose to use that link. You can also choose to have a plane OS or an OS with a panel, have a plane OS or an OS with a panel, have a plane OS or an OS with a panel, but for the purposes of this video, N is but for the purposes of this video, N is but for the purposes of this video, N is the best. So before you guys check out, the best. So before you guys check out, the best. So before you guys check out, make sure to come here to have a coupon make sure to come here to have a coupon make sure to come here to have a coupon code. Enter Charlie Chang, and that's code. Enter Charlie Chang, and that's code. Enter Charlie Chang, and that's going to take an additional 10% off. going to take an additional 10% off. going to take an additional 10% off. Once you enter in your billing address Once you enter in your billing address Once you enter in your billing address and payment information, you'll be able and payment information, you'll be able and payment information, you'll be able to check out. And then it's going to to check out. And then it's going to to check out. And then it's going to take you to your hostinger dashboard. So take you to your hostinger dashboard. So take you to your hostinger dashboard. So in your dashboard, it's going to look in your dashboard, it's going to look in your dashboard, it's going to look something like this. And since we something like this. And since we something like this. And since we installed any directly, it should installed any directly, it should installed any directly, it should already be installed as you see here. already be installed as you see here. already be installed as you see here. But if it's not, you'll come here to OS But if it's not, you'll come here to OS But if it's not, you'll come here to OS and panel. Click on operating system. and panel. Click on operating system. and panel. Click on operating system. And this is going to show you your And this is going to show you your And this is going to show you your current application. If it's not like current application. If it's not like current application. If it's not like that, you'll just come down here to that, you'll just come down here to that, you'll just come down here to change OS N8N. Click on this. And that's change OS N8N. Click on this. And that's change OS N8N. Click on this. And that's going to change the OS. It should take a going to change the OS. It should take a going to change the OS. It should take a few minutes. And what we're going to do few minutes. And what we're going to do few minutes. And what we're going to do then is click on manage app. And here's then is click on manage app. And here's then is click on manage app. And here's where we're going to set up our owner where we're going to set up our owner where we're going to set up our owner account. So, I'm just going to do a account. So, I'm just going to do a account. So, I'm just going to do a fresh install to show you guys how easy fresh install to show you guys how easy fresh install to show you guys how easy it is. And to actually activate all the it is. And to actually activate all the it is. And to actually activate all the paid features that we're going to get paid features that we're going to get paid features that we're going to get for free using this community version of for free using this community version of for free using this community version of NAN, what we're going to do is enter in NAN, what we're going to do is enter in NAN, what we're going to do is enter in our email right here and then click send our email right here and then click send our email right here and then click send me a free license key. Now, I'm going to me a free license key. Now, I'm going to me a free license key. Now, I'm going to copy and paste this license key. Come copy and paste this license key. Come copy and paste this license key. Come back here and we're going to click on back here and we're going to click on back here and we're going to click on this enter activation key and we'll copy this enter activation key and we'll copy this enter activation key and we'll copy and paste that right here. All right. So and paste that right here. All right. So and paste that right here. All right. So now our license is activated and we're now our license is activated and we're now our license is activated and we're pretty much good to go. So within NA and pretty much good to go. So within NA and pretty much good to go. So within NA and this is what it currently looks like. this is what it currently looks like. this is what it currently looks like. You'll be able to see your different You'll be able to see your different You'll be able to see your different workflows here, the different workflows here, the different workflows here, the different credentials. So we'll be able to connect credentials. So we'll be able to connect credentials. So we'll be able to connect different accounts to our NAN. You'll different accounts to our NAN. You'll different accounts to our NAN. You'll also be able to see executions, so also be able to see executions, so also be able to see executions, so actual workflows that are carried out. actual workflows that are carried out. actual workflows that are carried out. Over here on the left, we have our Over here on the left, we have our Over here on the left, we have our overview. So this main section, I also overview. So this main section, I also overview. So this main section, I also recommend checking out templates right recommend checking out templates right recommend checking out templates right here. N has a bunch of different here. N has a bunch of different here. N has a bunch of different pre-made templates that you guys can pre-made templates that you guys can pre-made templates that you guys can import. And come back here. If you want import. And come back here. If you want import. And come back here. If you want to create a workflow, all you have to do to create a workflow, all you have to do to create a workflow, all you have to do is click on this button up here. So, the is click on this button up here. So, the is click on this button up here. So, the editor is pretty easy to use. You can editor is pretty easy to use. You can editor is pretty easy to use. You can learn this in maybe just one afternoon, learn this in maybe just one afternoon, learn this in maybe just one afternoon, and it's essentially like a flowchart. and it's essentially like a flowchart. and it's essentially like a flowchart. You set triggers, then you set what You set triggers, then you set what You set triggers, then you set what happens after that trigger, different happens after that trigger, different happens after that trigger, different actions, and it's pretty actions, and it's pretty actions, and it's pretty self-explanatory. Now, I'm not going to self-explanatory. Now, I'm not going to self-explanatory. Now, I'm not going to go too much into how to actually build go too much into how to actually build go too much into how to actually build these workflows in this video. I these workflows in this video. I these workflows in this video. I actually have a completely different actually have a completely different actually have a completely different video that shows you exactly how to do video that shows you exactly how to do video that shows you exactly how to do that, and I'll link it down below. But that, and I'll link it down below. But that, and I'll link it down below. But what I recommend for most of you what I recommend for most of you what I recommend for most of you watching this is don't worry too much watching this is don't worry too much watching this is don't worry too much about building your own personal custom about building your own personal custom about building your own personal custom automations yourself. Rather get automations yourself. Rather get automations yourself. Rather get different templates, import them into different templates, import them into different templates, import them into your account. It's also very easy to do. your account. It's also very easy to do. your account. It's also very easy to do. Take the three templates that we're Take the three templates that we're Take the three templates that we're going to cover in this video for going to cover in this video for going to cover in this video for example. Just import them into your an example. Just import them into your an example. Just import them into your an account and play around with them. account and play around with them. account and play around with them. You'll have to do a little bit of setup, You'll have to do a little bit of setup, You'll have to do a little bit of setup, but it's quite easy. And again, I just but it's quite easy. And again, I just but it's quite easy. And again, I just recommend doing it while watching this recommend doing it while watching this recommend doing it while watching this video. That's going to be the easiest video. That's going to be the easiest video. That's going to be the easiest way to do it. Now, I've pulled up my way to do it. Now, I've pulled up my way to do it. Now, I've pulled up my Gemini 3 daily brief automation. This is Gemini 3 daily brief automation. This is Gemini 3 daily brief automation. This is also going to be down below in the also going to be down below in the also going to be down below in the description so you guys can just description so you guys can just description so you guys can just download it and import it. But I first download it and import it. But I first download it and import it. But I first want to talk about why Gemini 3 is so want to talk about why Gemini 3 is so want to talk about why Gemini 3 is so important. Now, depending on when you're important. Now, depending on when you're important. Now, depending on when you're watching this video, you might be on a watching this video, you might be on a watching this video, you might be on a later version or you might want to use later version or you might want to use later version or you might want to use something else. But this is the brand something else. But this is the brand something else. But this is the brand new Gemini. It's extremely smart. The new Gemini. It's extremely smart. The new Gemini. It's extremely smart. The logic is insane. And yeah, not only does logic is insane. And yeah, not only does logic is insane. And yeah, not only does it understand text, it also understands it understand text, it also understands it understand text, it also understands images, documents, code. You could like images, documents, code. You could like images, documents, code. You could like feed it a screenshot, a PDF, something feed it a screenshot, a PDF, something feed it a screenshot, a PDF, something like that, and it's going to be able to like that, and it's going to be able to like that, and it's going to be able to actually interpret it and respond with actually interpret it and respond with actually interpret it and respond with really high accuracy. It also has a very really high accuracy. It also has a very really high accuracy. It also has a very high context window, which means you can high context window, which means you can high context window, which means you can feed it a lot of data, and yeah, just a feed it a lot of data, and yeah, just a feed it a lot of data, and yeah, just a bunch of different things makes it like bunch of different things makes it like bunch of different things makes it like the perfect brain for a personal the perfect brain for a personal the perfect brain for a personal assistant. So, again, coming back to our assistant. So, again, coming back to our assistant. So, again, coming back to our Gemini 3 daily brief automation, you can Gemini 3 daily brief automation, you can Gemini 3 daily brief automation, you can see we basically have a trigger right see we basically have a trigger right see we basically have a trigger right here. And if I click on it, we've set here. And if I click on it, we've set here. And if I click on it, we've set some parameters. So, this is going to some parameters. So, this is going to some parameters. So, this is going to trigger every single day at 7:00 a.m. trigger every single day at 7:00 a.m. trigger every single day at 7:00 a.m. This time is based on the time on your This time is based on the time on your This time is based on the time on your VPS. So, make sure that that is VPS. So, make sure that that is VPS. So, make sure that that is accurate. And essentially what happens accurate. And essentially what happens accurate. And essentially what happens is every day at 7:00 a.m. it's going to is every day at 7:00 a.m. it's going to is every day at 7:00 a.m. it's going to go into my Gmail, look at my messages. go into my Gmail, look at my messages. go into my Gmail, look at my messages. It's going to go into my Google It's going to go into my Google It's going to go into my Google calendar, look at my calendar events. calendar, look at my calendar events. calendar, look at my calendar events. What you guys will want to do is come What you guys will want to do is come What you guys will want to do is come here, double click on this, click this here, double click on this, click this here, double click on this, click this edit button right here, and you're going edit button right here, and you're going edit button right here, and you're going to want to connect your actual Gmail to want to connect your actual Gmail to want to connect your actual Gmail account to your N server. So, just account to your N server. So, just account to your N server. So, just basically sign in with Google right basically sign in with Google right basically sign in with Google right here. And same thing with the Google here. And same thing with the Google here. And same thing with the Google calendar one right here. Click on this calendar one right here. Click on this calendar one right here. Click on this button. After that, it's going to get button. After that, it's going to get button. After that, it's going to get all this information, aggregate it all this information, aggregate it all this information, aggregate it together, merge it. It's going to run it together, merge it. It's going to run it together, merge it. It's going to run it through our AI agent. So basically the through our AI agent. So basically the through our AI agent. So basically the brain which is using Gemini 3. If you do brain which is using Gemini 3. If you do brain which is using Gemini 3. If you do want to change this, you can just double want to change this, you can just double want to change this, you can just double click on this and change the AI it's click on this and change the AI it's click on this and change the AI it's using. And as you can see, we have a using. And as you can see, we have a using. And as you can see, we have a prompt put in right here. This is prompt put in right here. This is prompt put in right here. This is essentially going to tell it exactly essentially going to tell it exactly essentially going to tell it exactly what to do. And of course, if you want what to do. And of course, if you want what to do. And of course, if you want to do a little bit different things, you to do a little bit different things, you to do a little bit different things, you can always come in here and tweak this can always come in here and tweak this can always come in here and tweak this message. After that, it's going to send message. After that, it's going to send message. After that, it's going to send a summary to your Telegram. Now, if you a summary to your Telegram. Now, if you a summary to your Telegram. Now, if you don't use Telegram, you can also have it don't use Telegram, you can also have it don't use Telegram, you can also have it send you an email. You can have it send you an email. You can have it send you an email. You can have it create a Google doc, but for me, I like create a Google doc, but for me, I like create a Google doc, but for me, I like using Telegram because it's pretty easy. using Telegram because it's pretty easy. using Telegram because it's pretty easy. All you guys need to do is come here. All you guys need to do is come here. All you guys need to do is come here. I've gone ahead and created a Telegram I've gone ahead and created a Telegram I've gone ahead and created a Telegram bot that you guys can use. You'll want bot that you guys can use. You'll want bot that you guys can use. You'll want to put in your chat ID right here. Find to put in your chat ID right here. Find to put in your chat ID right here. Find Sam the bot on Telegram. You have to Sam the bot on Telegram. You have to Sam the bot on Telegram. You have to start a conversation with it. You're start a conversation with it. You're start a conversation with it. You're also going to want to get your chat ID. also going to want to get your chat ID. also going to want to get your chat ID. And guys, I know it can seem a little And guys, I know it can seem a little And guys, I know it can seem a little bit complicated, but basically what I'm bit complicated, but basically what I'm bit complicated, but basically what I'm going to do is I'll put a Google doc going to do is I'll put a Google doc going to do is I'll put a Google doc down below. It's going to have down below. It's going to have down below. It's going to have step-by-step instructions for you guys. step-by-step instructions for you guys. step-by-step instructions for you guys. Just follow those steps exactly and it's Just follow those steps exactly and it's Just follow those steps exactly and it's going to show you how to set this up. going to show you how to set this up. going to show you how to set this up. For example, getting your chat ID is For example, getting your chat ID is For example, getting your chat ID is very simple in Telegram. All you guys very simple in Telegram. All you guys very simple in Telegram. All you guys need to do is search for the bot at need to do is search for the bot at need to do is search for the bot at userinfobot. Send it any message and userinfobot. Send it any message and userinfobot. Send it any message and then it's going to show you your chat then it's going to show you your chat then it's going to show you your chat ID. So you'll input that into this ID. So you'll input that into this ID. So you'll input that into this automation. So I'll show you guys. I'm automation. So I'll show you guys. I'm automation. So I'll show you guys. I'm going to execute this workflow. It's going to execute this workflow. It's going to execute this workflow. It's going to go through all these different going to go through all these different going to go through all these different steps, run it through the AI agent, the steps, run it through the AI agent, the steps, run it through the AI agent, the brain, and then it's going to send that brain, and then it's going to send that brain, and then it's going to send that summary to my Telegram. So as you can summary to my Telegram. So as you can summary to my Telegram. So as you can see, this was just sent right here. This see, this was just sent right here. This see, this was just sent right here. This is connected right now to an account is connected right now to an account is connected right now to an account with no emails and no calendar. So with no emails and no calendar. So with no emails and no calendar. So that's why it's not going to have that's why it's not going to have that's why it's not going to have anything right here. Yeah, this is a anything right here. Yeah, this is a anything right here. Yeah, this is a perfect use of this AI personal perfect use of this AI personal perfect use of this AI personal assistant. Having different briefs, assistant. Having different briefs, assistant. Having different briefs, having different reports made for you is having different reports made for you is having different reports made for you is something that will save you a lot of something that will save you a lot of something that will save you a lot of time and just keep you focused on your time and just keep you focused on your time and just keep you focused on your actual workday instead of figuring out actual workday instead of figuring out actual workday instead of figuring out what is going to be happening and all what is going to be happening and all what is going to be happening and all that stuff. Another use case for your that stuff. Another use case for your that stuff. Another use case for your personal assistant is for it to actually personal assistant is for it to actually personal assistant is for it to actually generate reports on your financials. So generate reports on your financials. So generate reports on your financials. So depending on what type of financials you depending on what type of financials you depending on what type of financials you have, maybe it's your business, maybe have, maybe it's your business, maybe have, maybe it's your business, maybe it's just your personal finances, you it's just your personal finances, you it's just your personal finances, you can build something like this, which can build something like this, which can build something like this, which basically allows you to submit some type basically allows you to submit some type basically allows you to submit some type of report, run it through the Gemini 3 of report, run it through the Gemini 3 of report, run it through the Gemini 3 brain, and then have it send the brain, and then have it send the brain, and then have it send the analysis to your Telegram. In this analysis to your Telegram. In this analysis to your Telegram. In this particular workflow, we have a trigger particular workflow, we have a trigger particular workflow, we have a trigger that basically the first day of every that basically the first day of every that basically the first day of every single month, it's going to send me a single month, it's going to send me a single month, it's going to send me a Telegram message reminding me to Telegram message reminding me to Telegram message reminding me to actually upload my financials. So, the actually upload my financials. So, the actually upload my financials. So, the way that I have it set up right now is way that I have it set up right now is way that I have it set up right now is it asks for my profit and loss and also it asks for my profit and loss and also it asks for my profit and loss and also asks for a spreadsheet of my asks for a spreadsheet of my asks for a spreadsheet of my transactions. So, I can go ahead and transactions. So, I can go ahead and transactions. So, I can go ahead and upload those right here. Click submit upload those right here. Click submit upload those right here. Click submit and it's going to generate a full and it's going to generate a full and it's going to generate a full report. Another example of a workflow I report. Another example of a workflow I report. Another example of a workflow I have for my personal assistant is this have for my personal assistant is this have for my personal assistant is this Gemini 3 content generator. You guys can Gemini 3 content generator. You guys can Gemini 3 content generator. You guys can import this over to check it out on your import this over to check it out on your import this over to check it out on your own account. But basically, we have a own account. But basically, we have a own account. But basically, we have a trigger and set a keyword. So, in my trigger and set a keyword. So, in my trigger and set a keyword. So, in my case, if I'm making content about, let's case, if I'm making content about, let's case, if I'm making content about, let's say, affiliate marketing, I'm going to say, affiliate marketing, I'm going to say, affiliate marketing, I'm going to put that right here. Next, it's going to put that right here. Next, it's going to put that right here. Next, it's going to go to LinkedIn X and Reddit. Browse go to LinkedIn X and Reddit. Browse go to LinkedIn X and Reddit. Browse through a bunch of different posts. through a bunch of different posts. through a bunch of different posts. We're using Appify for it to actually do We're using Appify for it to actually do We're using Appify for it to actually do all this. We're going to get a bunch of all this. We're going to get a bunch of all this. We're going to get a bunch of data, merge it all together, run it data, merge it all together, run it data, merge it all together, run it through our AI agent brain, and then through our AI agent brain, and then through our AI agent brain, and then send me an actual email. The name of send me an actual email. The name of send me an actual email. The name of that email is going to be daily social that email is going to be daily social that email is going to be daily social trend and ideation with the date on it. trend and ideation with the date on it. trend and ideation with the date on it. And yeah, we have this running every day And yeah, we have this running every day And yeah, we have this running every day at 7 a.m. So, here's an example of what at 7 a.m. So, here's an example of what at 7 a.m. So, here's an example of what that email is going to look like. Of that email is going to look like. Of that email is going to look like. Of course, you can tweak this as much as course, you can tweak this as much as course, you can tweak this as much as you want. All you need to do is click on you want. All you need to do is click on you want. All you need to do is click on this AI agent right here and change the this AI agent right here and change the this AI agent right here and change the prompt. And so, as you can see, it's prompt. And so, as you can see, it's prompt. And so, as you can see, it's actually not that complicated to actually not that complicated to actually not that complicated to actually build these workflows yourself. actually build these workflows yourself. actually build these workflows yourself. But for most of you, I still don't But for most of you, I still don't But for most of you, I still don't recommend it. I just recommend going out recommend it. I just recommend going out recommend it. I just recommend going out there, finding different templates, there, finding different templates, there, finding different templates, importing those into your account, and importing those into your account, and importing those into your account, and then tweaking them to make sense for then tweaking them to make sense for then tweaking them to make sense for you. Now, I'm constantly making more and you. Now, I'm constantly making more and you. Now, I'm constantly making more and more of these workflows. So, if you want more of these workflows. So, if you want more of these workflows. So, if you want to get access to them, I actually have a to get access to them, I actually have a to get access to them, I actually have a free AI community. I'll also put a link free AI community. I'll also put a link free AI community. I'll also put a link down below, but you guys can join that. down below, but you guys can join that. down below, but you guys can join that. And we post a bunch of really helpful AI And we post a bunch of really helpful AI And we post a bunch of really helpful AI stuff there. Now, remember, this is only stuff there. Now, remember, this is only stuff there. Now, remember, this is only a very, very small subset of the types a very, very small subset of the types a very, very small subset of the types of automations you can build. If you of automations you can build. If you of automations you can build. If you guys spend a couple days actually diving guys spend a couple days actually diving guys spend a couple days actually diving into this and building a bunch of into this and building a bunch of into this and building a bunch of different automations, you should be different automations, you should be different automations, you should be able to have a personal assistant that able to have a personal assistant that able to have a personal assistant that is helping you with pretty much is helping you with pretty much is helping you with pretty much everything. What I do recommend doing is everything. What I do recommend doing is everything. What I do recommend doing is use Chat GPT or whatever other AI use Chat GPT or whatever other AI use Chat GPT or whatever other AI platform and use that to help you platform and use that to help you platform and use that to help you brainstorm what types of automations to brainstorm what types of automations to brainstorm what types of automations to make, right? Like everyone's situation make, right? Like everyone's situation make, right? Like everyone's situation is going to be a little bit different. is going to be a little bit different. is going to be a little bit different. It's really going to depend on your type It's really going to depend on your type It's really going to depend on your type of life and your business. But what I of life and your business. But what I of life and your business. But what I like to do is just have a conversation like to do is just have a conversation like to do is just have a conversation with AI. Tell it all the things you're with AI. Tell it all the things you're with AI. Tell it all the things you're doing on a day-to-day basis. if you have doing on a day-to-day basis. if you have doing on a day-to-day basis. if you have a business, what that business is, a a business, what that business is, a a business, what that business is, a bunch of different contexts like that, bunch of different contexts like that, bunch of different contexts like that, and then ask it what are the automations and then ask it what are the automations and then ask it what are the automations that I should be building out for my that I should be building out for my that I should be building out for my personal assistant, which will make my personal assistant, which will make my personal assistant, which will make my life a lot better. I do this all the life a lot better. I do this all the life a lot better. I do this all the time. I essentially use chat GBT as a time. I essentially use chat GBT as a time. I essentially use chat GBT as a mentor. It's been extremely useful. So, mentor. It's been extremely useful. So, mentor. It's been extremely useful. So, I definitely recommend doing that. Some I definitely recommend doing that. Some I definitely recommend doing that. Some final advice on this whole topic, right? final advice on this whole topic, right? final advice on this whole topic, right? I just recommend starting simple. Get I just recommend starting simple. Get I just recommend starting simple. Get them set up with your own credentials, them set up with your own credentials, them set up with your own credentials, import these three templates, tweak them import these three templates, tweak them import these three templates, tweak them to your liking, find different templates to your liking, find different templates to your liking, find different templates that we post in our school community. that we post in our school community. that we post in our school community. And another thing is you don't need to And another thing is you don't need to And another thing is you don't need to use N, right? There are other ways to do use N, right? There are other ways to do use N, right? There are other ways to do it without having to have a VPS or N, it without having to have a VPS or N, it without having to have a VPS or N, but I really like to like own my own but I really like to like own my own but I really like to like own my own personal assistant. I like to own my personal assistant. I like to own my personal assistant. I like to own my automations and with my own VPS and N I automations and with my own VPS and N I automations and with my own VPS and N I am really fully in control. Another am really fully in control. Another am really fully in control. Another really important thing is that you guys really important thing is that you guys really important thing is that you guys stay up to date, right? AI is always stay up to date, right? AI is always stay up to date, right? AI is always changing. There's always going to be changing. There's always going to be changing. There's always going to be newer and newer AI models. So, it's newer and newer AI models. So, it's newer and newer AI models. So, it's really important that you guys stay up really important that you guys stay up really important that you guys stay up to date on those trends. Yeah. Really, I to date on those trends. Yeah. Really, I to date on those trends. Yeah. Really, I encourage you guys just to get started, encourage you guys just to get started, encourage you guys just to get started, right? Treat your life as a business. right? Treat your life as a business. right? Treat your life as a business. There is so much stuff that you guys can There is so much stuff that you guys can There is so much stuff that you guys can optimize and just be a lot more optimize and just be a lot more optimize and just be a lot more efficient on. And that really starts efficient on. And that really starts efficient on. And that really starts with having some type of assistant doing with having some type of assistant doing with having some type of assistant doing all this stuff for you. This used to be all this stuff for you. This used to be all this stuff for you. This used to be something that only like rich people something that only like rich people something that only like rich people could do by hiring an assistant. But could do by hiring an assistant. But could do by hiring an assistant. But nowadays, you can actually build your nowadays, you can actually build your nowadays, you can actually build your own AI personal assistant. It'll cost own AI personal assistant. It'll cost own AI personal assistant. It'll cost about $10 a month. And using AI like about $10 a month. And using AI like about $10 a month. And using AI like this is really going to help you spend this is really going to help you spend this is really going to help you spend less time doing things you don't want to less time doing things you don't want to less time doing things you don't want to do and more time spending things that do and more time spending things that do and more time spending things that you actually want to do. This is a great you actually want to do. This is a great you actually want to do. This is a great use of AI technology and I really hope use of AI technology and I really hope use of AI technology and I really hope any of you guys watching this video any of you guys watching this video any of you guys watching this video understands just how powerful it can be understands just how powerful it can be understands just how powerful it can be when used correctly. I know we covered a when used correctly. I know we covered a when used correctly. I know we covered a lot. Feel free to watch this video lot. Feel free to watch this video lot. Feel free to watch this video again. I just encourage you guys follow again. I just encourage you guys follow again. I just encourage you guys follow along step by step. Build your AI along step by step. Build your AI along step by step. Build your AI personal assistant and spend some time personal assistant and spend some time personal assistant and spend some time getting it set up. It's really going to getting it set up. It's really going to getting it set up. It's really going to pay huge dividends in your life. pay huge dividends in your life. pay huge dividends in your life. Anyways, that's it for this video. Anyways, that's it for this video. Anyways, that's it for this video. Hopefully you guys got some value from Hopefully you guys got some value from Hopefully you guys got some value from it. Again, I'll have all the resources I it. Again, I'll have all the resources I it. Again, I'll have all the resources I talked about down below. Make sure to talked about down below. Make sure to talked about down below. Make sure to use my Hostinger link and coupon code to use my Hostinger link and coupon code to use my Hostinger link and coupon code to save a bunch of money and also make sure save a bunch of money and also make sure save a bunch of money and also make sure to get those free templates as well. I to get those free templates as well. I to get those free templates as well. I really appreciate your time. Thank you really appreciate your time. Thank you really appreciate your time. Thank you so much. If you got any value from this so much. If you got any value from this so much. If you got any value from this video, make sure to hit that like button video, make sure to hit that like button video, make sure to hit that like button and also subscribe for more content just and also subscribe for more content just and also subscribe for more content just like this. I make a ton of videos about like this. I make a ton of videos about like this. I make a ton of videos about entrepreneurship, AI, finance, stuff entrepreneurship, AI, finance, stuff entrepreneurship, AI, finance, stuff like that. And it's all to help you guys like that. And it's all to help you guys like that. And it's all to help you guys live a financially successful life. live a financially successful life. live a financially successful life. Thank you so much for your time and I'll Thank you so much for your time and I'll Thank you so much for your time and I'll see you in the next video. Peace.
