Gemini 3.1 Pro is designed for tasks Gemini 3.1 Pro is designed for tasks Gemini 3.1 Pro is designed for tasks where a simple answer isn't enough. Last where a simple answer isn't enough. Last where a simple answer isn't enough. Last week, Google released a major update to week, Google released a major update to week, Google released a major update to Gemini 3 deep think to solve modern Gemini 3 deep think to solve modern Gemini 3 deep think to solve modern challenges across science, research, and challenges across science, research, and challenges across science, research, and engineering. Today, they are releasing engineering. Today, they are releasing engineering. Today, they are releasing the upgraded core intelligence that the upgraded core intelligence that the upgraded core intelligence that makes those breakthroughs possible. makes those breakthroughs possible. makes those breakthroughs possible. Gemini 3.1 Pro. They are shipping 3.1 Gemini 3.1 Pro. They are shipping 3.1 Gemini 3.1 Pro. They are shipping 3.1 Pro across their consumer and developer Pro across their consumer and developer Pro across their consumer and developer products to bring this progress in products to bring this progress in products to bring this progress in intelligence to your everyday intelligence to your everyday intelligence to your everyday applications. applications. applications. Starting today, 3.1 Pro is rolling out Starting today, 3.1 Pro is rolling out Starting today, 3.1 Pro is rolling out for developers in preview via the Gemini for developers in preview via the Gemini for developers in preview via the Gemini API in Google AI Studio, Gemini CLI, API in Google AI Studio, Gemini CLI, API in Google AI Studio, Gemini CLI, their Agentic development platform, their Agentic development platform, their Agentic development platform, Google Anti-gravity, and Android Studio Google Anti-gravity, and Android Studio Google Anti-gravity, and Android Studio for enterprises in Vert.Ex AI and Gemini for enterprises in Vert.Ex AI and Gemini for enterprises in Vert.Ex AI and Gemini Enterprise for consumers via the Gemini Enterprise for consumers via the Gemini Enterprise for consumers via the Gemini app and notebook LM. Building on the app and notebook LM. Building on the app and notebook LM. Building on the Gemini 3 series, 3.1 Pro represents a Gemini 3 series, 3.1 Pro represents a Gemini 3 series, 3.1 Pro represents a step forward in core reasoning. 3.1 Pro step forward in core reasoning. 3.1 Pro step forward in core reasoning. 3.1 Pro is a smarter, more capable baseline for is a smarter, more capable baseline for is a smarter, more capable baseline for complex problem solving. On ARC AGI2, a complex problem solving. On ARC AGI2, a complex problem solving. On ARC AGI2, a benchmark that evaluates a model's benchmark that evaluates a model's benchmark that evaluates a model's ability to solve entirely new logic ability to solve entirely new logic ability to solve entirely new logic patterns, 3.1 Pro achieved a verified patterns, 3.1 Pro achieved a verified patterns, 3.1 Pro achieved a verified score of 77.1%. score of 77.1%. score of 77.1%. This is more than double the reasoning This is more than double the reasoning This is more than double the reasoning performance of 3Pro. Intelligence performance of 3Pro. Intelligence performance of 3Pro. Intelligence applied. 3.1 Pro is designed for tasks applied. 3.1 Pro is designed for tasks applied. 3.1 Pro is designed for tasks where a simple answer isn't enough. where a simple answer isn't enough. where a simple answer isn't enough. Taking advanced reasoning and making it Taking advanced reasoning and making it Taking advanced reasoning and making it useful for your hardest challenges. This useful for your hardest challenges. This useful for your hardest challenges. This improved intelligence can help in improved intelligence can help in improved intelligence can help in practical applications. Whether you're practical applications. Whether you're practical applications. Whether you're looking for a clear visual explanation looking for a clear visual explanation looking for a clear visual explanation of a complex topic, a way to synthesize of a complex topic, a way to synthesize of a complex topic, a way to synthesize data into a single view, or bringing a data into a single view, or bringing a data into a single view, or bringing a creative project to life. Since creative project to life. Since creative project to life. Since releasing Gemini 3 Pro in November, user releasing Gemini 3 Pro in November, user releasing Gemini 3 Pro in November, user feedback and the pace of progress have feedback and the pace of progress have feedback and the pace of progress have driven these rapid improvements. They driven these rapid improvements. They driven these rapid improvements. They are releasing 3.1 Pro in preview today are releasing 3.1 Pro in preview today are releasing 3.1 Pro in preview today to validate these updates and continue to validate these updates and continue to validate these updates and continue to make further advancements in areas to make further advancements in areas to make further advancements in areas such as ambitious agentic workflows such as ambitious agentic workflows such as ambitious agentic workflows before they make it generally available before they make it generally available before they make it generally available soon. soon. soon. Starting today, Gemini 3.1 Pro in the Starting today, Gemini 3.1 Pro in the Starting today, Gemini 3.1 Pro in the Gemini app is rolling out with higher Gemini app is rolling out with higher Gemini app is rolling out with higher limits for users with the Google AI Pro limits for users with the Google AI Pro limits for users with the Google AI Pro and Ultra plans. 3.1 Pro is also now and Ultra plans. 3.1 Pro is also now and Ultra plans. 3.1 Pro is also now available on Notebook LM exclusively for available on Notebook LM exclusively for available on Notebook LM exclusively for Pro and Ultra users, and developers and Pro and Ultra users, and developers and Pro and Ultra users, and developers and enterprises can access 3.1 Pro now in enterprises can access 3.1 Pro now in enterprises can access 3.1 Pro now in preview in the Gemini API. Google can't preview in the Gemini API. Google can't preview in the Gemini API. Google can't wait to see what you build and discover wait to see what you build and discover wait to see what you build and discover with it. Introducing Agentic Vision in with it. Introducing Agentic Vision in with it. Introducing Agentic Vision in Gemini 3 Flash. Agentic Vision, a new Gemini 3 Flash. Agentic Vision, a new Gemini 3 Flash. Agentic Vision, a new capability in Gemini 3 Flash, combines capability in Gemini 3 Flash, combines capability in Gemini 3 Flash, combines visual reasoning with code execution to visual reasoning with code execution to visual reasoning with code execution to ground answers in visual evidence. ground answers in visual evidence. ground answers in visual evidence. Frontier AI models like Gemini typically Frontier AI models like Gemini typically Frontier AI models like Gemini typically process the world in a single static process the world in a single static process the world in a single static glance. If they miss a fine grain detail glance. If they miss a fine grain detail glance. If they miss a fine grain detail like a serial number on a microchip or a like a serial number on a microchip or a like a serial number on a microchip or a distant street sign, they are forced to distant street sign, they are forced to distant street sign, they are forced to guess. Agentic vision in Gemini 3. Flash guess. Agentic vision in Gemini 3. Flash guess. Agentic vision in Gemini 3. Flash converts image understanding from a converts image understanding from a converts image understanding from a static act into an agentic process. It static act into an agentic process. It static act into an agentic process. It treats vision as an active treats vision as an active treats vision as an active investigation. By combining visual investigation. By combining visual investigation. By combining visual reasoning with code execution, one of reasoning with code execution, one of reasoning with code execution, one of the first tools supported by Agentic the first tools supported by Agentic the first tools supported by Agentic Vision, the model formulates plans to Vision, the model formulates plans to Vision, the model formulates plans to zoom in, inspect, and manipulate images zoom in, inspect, and manipulate images zoom in, inspect, and manipulate images stepby step, grounding answers in visual stepby step, grounding answers in visual stepby step, grounding answers in visual evidence, enabling code execution with evidence, enabling code execution with evidence, enabling code execution with Gemini 3 flash delivers a consistent 5 Gemini 3 flash delivers a consistent 5 Gemini 3 flash delivers a consistent 5 to 10% quality boost across most vision to 10% quality boost across most vision to 10% quality boost across most vision benchmarks. benchmarks. benchmarks. Aentic vision introduces an agentic Aentic vision introduces an agentic Aentic vision introduces an agentic think act observe loop into image think act observe loop into image think act observe loop into image understanding tasks. Think. The model understanding tasks. Think. The model understanding tasks. Think. The model analyzes the user query and the initial analyzes the user query and the initial analyzes the user query and the initial image, formulating a multi-step plan. image, formulating a multi-step plan. image, formulating a multi-step plan. Act. The model generates and executes Act. The model generates and executes Act. The model generates and executes Python code to actively manipulate Python code to actively manipulate Python code to actively manipulate images. For example, cropping, rotating, images. For example, cropping, rotating, images. For example, cropping, rotating, annotating, or analyze them like running annotating, or analyze them like running annotating, or analyze them like running calculations, counting bounding boxes, calculations, counting bounding boxes, calculations, counting bounding boxes, and more. Observe the transformed image and more. Observe the transformed image and more. Observe the transformed image is appended to the model's context is appended to the model's context is appended to the model's context window. This allows the model to inspect window. This allows the model to inspect window. This allows the model to inspect the new data with better context before the new data with better context before the new data with better context before generating a final response. By enabling generating a final response. By enabling generating a final response. By enabling code execution in the API, you can code execution in the API, you can code execution in the API, you can unlock many new behaviors. Plan unlock many new behaviors. Plan unlock many new behaviors. Plan checksolver.com, an AI powered building checksolver.com, an AI powered building checksolver.com, an AI powered building plan validation platform, improved plan validation platform, improved plan validation platform, improved accuracy by 5% by enabling code accuracy by 5% by enabling code accuracy by 5% by enabling code execution with Gemini 3 Flash to execution with Gemini 3 Flash to execution with Gemini 3 Flash to iteratively inspect highresolution iteratively inspect highresolution iteratively inspect highresolution inputs. The backend logs demonstrate inputs. The backend logs demonstrate inputs. The backend logs demonstrate this agentic process. Gemini 3 Flash this agentic process. Gemini 3 Flash this agentic process. Gemini 3 Flash generates Python code to crop and generates Python code to crop and generates Python code to crop and analyze specific patches as new images. analyze specific patches as new images. analyze specific patches as new images. By appending these crops back into its By appending these crops back into its By appending these crops back into its context window, the model visually context window, the model visually context window, the model visually grounds its reasoning to confirm grounds its reasoning to confirm grounds its reasoning to confirm compliance with complex building codes. compliance with complex building codes. compliance with complex building codes. Aentic Vision also allows the model to Aentic Vision also allows the model to Aentic Vision also allows the model to interact with its environment by interact with its environment by interact with its environment by annotating images. Instead of just annotating images. Instead of just annotating images. Instead of just describing what it sees, Gemini 3 Flash describing what it sees, Gemini 3 Flash describing what it sees, Gemini 3 Flash can execute code to draw directly on the can execute code to draw directly on the can execute code to draw directly on the canvas to ground its reasoning. canvas to ground its reasoning. canvas to ground its reasoning. To avoid counting errors, it uses Python To avoid counting errors, it uses Python To avoid counting errors, it uses Python to draw bounding boxes and numeric to draw bounding boxes and numeric to draw bounding boxes and numeric labels over each finger it identifies. labels over each finger it identifies. labels over each finger it identifies. This visual scratchpad ensures that its This visual scratchpad ensures that its This visual scratchpad ensures that its final answer is based on pixel perfect final answer is based on pixel perfect final answer is based on pixel perfect understanding. Aentic vision can also understanding. Aentic vision can also understanding. Aentic vision can also parse highdensity tables and execute parse highdensity tables and execute parse highdensity tables and execute Python code to visualize the findings. Python code to visualize the findings. Python code to visualize the findings. Standard LLMs often hallucinate during Standard LLMs often hallucinate during Standard LLMs often hallucinate during multi-step visual arithmetic. Gemini 3 multi-step visual arithmetic. Gemini 3 multi-step visual arithmetic. Gemini 3 flash bypasses this by offloading flash bypasses this by offloading flash bypasses this by offloading computation to a deterministic Python computation to a deterministic Python computation to a deterministic Python environment. The model identifies the environment. The model identifies the environment. The model identifies the raw data, writes code to normalize prior raw data, writes code to normalize prior raw data, writes code to normalize prior soda to 1.0, and generates a soda to 1.0, and generates a soda to 1.0, and generates a professional mattplot lib bar chart. professional mattplot lib bar chart. professional mattplot lib bar chart. This replaces probabilistic guessing This replaces probabilistic guessing This replaces probabilistic guessing with verifiable execution.
