From Marvel Studios, Down the Hall Neighbors, Marvel Studios, Down the Hall Neighbors, Marvel Studios, Down the Hall Neighbors, and Jaws Weeden, it's Little Brother and Jaws Weeden, it's Little Brother and Jaws Weeden, it's Little Brother comes the franchise that isn't as comes the franchise that isn't as comes the franchise that isn't as popular as the movies and isn't as popular as the movies and isn't as popular as the movies and isn't as critically acclaimed as the Netflix critically acclaimed as the Netflix critically acclaimed as the Netflix shows. But darn it, it's getting better. shows. But darn it, it's getting better. shows. But darn it, it's getting better. I mean, that's what I hear anyway. I I mean, that's what I hear anyway. I I mean, that's what I hear anyway. I stopped watching halfway through season stopped watching halfway through season stopped watching halfway through season 1. Agents of SHIELD. Enter the world of 1. Agents of SHIELD. Enter the world of 1. Agents of SHIELD. Enter the world of the Strategic Homeland Intervention the Strategic Homeland Intervention the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division. Enforcement and Logistics Division. Enforcement and Logistics Division. Someone really wanted our initials to Someone really wanted our initials to Someone really wanted our initials to spell out SHIELD spell out SHIELD spell out SHIELD for half a season until Winter Soldier for half a season until Winter Soldier for half a season until Winter Soldier pulled the rug out from under it. pulled the rug out from under it. pulled the rug out from under it. Shield Hydra. Shield Hydra. Shield Hydra. It all goes It all goes It all goes now. Get ready for a show about the now. Get ready for a show about the now. Get ready for a show about the agents of SHIELD doing whatever it takes agents of SHIELD doing whatever it takes agents of SHIELD doing whatever it takes to help Marvel sell their movies. to help Marvel sell their movies. to help Marvel sell their movies. We call ourselves Inhumans. We call ourselves Inhumans. We call ourselves Inhumans. Listen, they're doing the best they can, Listen, they're doing the best they can, Listen, they're doing the best they can, okay? Marvel literally blew up their okay? Marvel literally blew up their okay? Marvel literally blew up their premise. Avengers fans assemble to see premise. Avengers fans assemble to see premise. Avengers fans assemble to see your favorite superheroes. Names get your favorite superheroes. Names get your favorite superheroes. Names get dropped. dropped. dropped. Thor's Thor's Thor's Thor. Captain America. Thor. Captain America. Thor. Captain America. Captain America. Captain America. Captain America. Chris Banner. Chris Banner. Chris Banner. Stark. Stark. Stark. Stark. Stark. Stark. Iron Man. Iron Man. Iron Man. Spartan. Spartan. Spartan. Romanoff. Romanoff. Romanoff. Romanoff. Romanoff. Romanoff. Romanoff. Romanoff. Romanoff. The Avengers. The Avengers. The Avengers. The Avengers. The Avengers. The Avengers. The Avengers. The Avengers. The Avengers. Hydra. World War II. Captain America. Hydra. World War II. Captain America. Hydra. World War II. Captain America. While you spend your time with a guy While you spend your time with a guy While you spend your time with a guy named Phil and his awkward walk. named Phil and his awkward walk. named Phil and his awkward walk. All military. Were hired by one of the All military. Were hired by one of the All military. Were hired by one of the largest gem brokers in the world. You largest gem brokers in the world. You largest gem brokers in the world. You thought he was dead, but now he's back thought he was dead, but now he's back thought he was dead, but now he's back because this show needs a lead, and Sam because this show needs a lead, and Sam because this show needs a lead, and Sam Jackson was too expensive. But Agent Jackson was too expensive. But Agent Jackson was too expensive. But Agent Coulson's not the only non- Avenger on Coulson's not the only non- Avenger on Coulson's not the only non- Avenger on board. Watch as he assembles a crack board. Watch as he assembles a crack board. Watch as he assembles a crack team of the best non-movie characters team of the best non-movie characters team of the best non-movie characters available, like Sky, aka Daisy, aka available, like Sky, aka Daisy, aka available, like Sky, aka Daisy, aka Quake, a hacker/inhuman who's the Quake, a hacker/inhuman who's the Quake, a hacker/inhuman who's the closest thing this show has to an actual closest thing this show has to an actual closest thing this show has to an actual superhero. Melinda May, a lady spy with superhero. Melinda May, a lady spy with superhero. Melinda May, a lady spy with a dark past who totally isn't Black a dark past who totally isn't Black a dark past who totally isn't Black Widow. These quirky British scientist Widow. These quirky British scientist Widow. These quirky British scientist Fifth Fifth Fifth Simmons, Simmons, Simmons, who were completely interchangeable who were completely interchangeable who were completely interchangeable until they sent one into space and gave until they sent one into space and gave until they sent one into space and gave the other one brain damage. Grant Ward, the other one brain damage. Grant Ward, the other one brain damage. Grant Ward, who starts out good, then turns bad, who starts out good, then turns bad, who starts out good, then turns bad, then turns kind of good, then turns bad then turns kind of good, then turns bad then turns kind of good, then turns bad again, and is now a weird zombie demon again, and is now a weird zombie demon again, and is now a weird zombie demon alien hybrid thing. And this revolving alien hybrid thing. And this revolving alien hybrid thing. And this revolving door of black characters. You know this door of black characters. You know this door of black characters. You know this isn't The Walking Dead, right? You're isn't The Walking Dead, right? You're isn't The Walking Dead, right? You're allowed to have more than one at a time. allowed to have more than one at a time. allowed to have more than one at a time. But the Agents of Shield aren't alone. But the Agents of Shield aren't alone. But the Agents of Shield aren't alone. They're joined by some of Marvel's most They're joined by some of Marvel's most They're joined by some of Marvel's most prestigious belist characters like Nick prestigious belist characters like Nick prestigious belist characters like Nick Fury two times. Peggy Carter in a Fury two times. Peggy Carter in a Fury two times. Peggy Carter in a flashback, Maria Hill. That's cool, I flashback, Maria Hill. That's cool, I flashback, Maria Hill. That's cool, I guess. Thor's lady friend, Captain guess. Thor's lady friend, Captain guess. Thor's lady friend, Captain America's drinking buddies, agents. Sit America's drinking buddies, agents. Sit America's drinking buddies, agents. Sit sit good. This random ass guardian sit good. This random ass guardian sit good. This random ass guardian played by the guy from Ghostbusters 2. played by the guy from Ghostbusters 2. played by the guy from Ghostbusters 2. And wait, that's it. Come on, Feige. You And wait, that's it. Come on, Feige. You And wait, that's it. Come on, Feige. You can't get Hemsworth there for like 5 can't get Hemsworth there for like 5 can't get Hemsworth there for like 5 minutes on his lunch break. Share your minutes on his lunch break. Share your minutes on his lunch break. Share your freaking toys, man. So, gear up for the freaking toys, man. So, gear up for the freaking toys, man. So, gear up for the show that Marvel fans criticize for not show that Marvel fans criticize for not show that Marvel fans criticize for not living up to the Marvel movies despite living up to the Marvel movies despite living up to the Marvel movies despite the fact that it has onetenth of the the fact that it has onetenth of the the fact that it has onetenth of the budget while having to stretch its budget while having to stretch its budget while having to stretch its storytelling across a 22 episode network storytelling across a 22 episode network storytelling across a 22 episode network TV season while also awkwardly TV season while also awkwardly TV season while also awkwardly shoehorning tie-ins from every new shoehorning tie-ins from every new shoehorning tie-ins from every new Marvel movie. You know, it'd be nice if Marvel movie. You know, it'd be nice if Marvel movie. You know, it'd be nice if for once Thor and his people sent down for once Thor and his people sent down for once Thor and his people sent down the god of cleaning up after yourself the god of cleaning up after yourself the god of cleaning up after yourself without being able to use any of the without being able to use any of the without being able to use any of the important Marvel movie characters. Huh. important Marvel movie characters. Huh. important Marvel movie characters. Huh. When you really think about it, it's When you really think about it, it's When you really think about it, it's kind of surprising that it's even as kind of surprising that it's even as kind of surprising that it's even as good as it is. Starring Dead Man good as it is. Starring Dead Man good as it is. Starring Dead Man Walking. Not Tasha Romangh. Buffy. Dry Walking. Not Tasha Romangh. Buffy. Dry Walking. Not Tasha Romangh. Buffy. Dry White Toast. Definitely not mutants. White Toast. Definitely not mutants. White Toast. Definitely not mutants. Tahiti Tahiti Tahiti told me they sent you to Tahiti. told me they sent you to Tahiti. told me they sent you to Tahiti. It's a magical place. It's a magical place. It's a magical place. Tahiti. Tahiti. Tahiti. It's a magical place. Tahiti. It's a It's a magical place. Tahiti. It's a It's a magical place. Tahiti. It's a magical place. magical place. magical place. Tahiti. Tahiti. Tahiti. It's a magical place. It's a magical place. It's a magical place. How was Tahiti? How was Tahiti? How was Tahiti? It sucked. It sucked. It sucked. Protection. Protection. Protection. You're still protecting your secrets. We You're still protecting your secrets. We You're still protecting your secrets. We need to protect them from this. need to protect them from this. need to protect them from this. I did it for you. To protect you. I did it for you. To protect you. I did it for you. To protect you. There's no one left to protect it. There's no one left to protect it. There's no one left to protect it. It was to protect our team from a It was to protect our team from a It was to protect our team from a monster. monster. monster. It was to protect her. It was to protect her. It was to protect her. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocols. Protocols. Protocols. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Crap. Protocol. Crap. Protocol. Crap. Protocol. Crap. Protocol. Crap. Protocol. Crap. Protocol. Protocol. Protocol. Protocols. Protocols. Protocols. Ridiculous holograms. Ridiculous holograms. Ridiculous holograms. [Music] No, let's just upload this backstage to HQ. let's just upload this backstage to HQ. let's just upload this backstage to HQ. Good idea. Yeah. Good idea. Yeah. Good idea. Yeah. And slowly turning, acting, reacting, And slowly turning, acting, reacting, And slowly turning, acting, reacting, and emoting silently. and emoting silently. and emoting silently. [Music] [Music] [Music] Law and Order. Super victim's unit. Law and Order. Super victim's unit. Law and Order. Super victim's unit. [Music] [Music] [Music] Whatever, Coulson. We all know what a Whatever, Coulson. We all know what a Whatever, Coulson. We all know what a real super agent looks like. real super agent looks like. real super agent looks like. You will not mess. I will not stop until You will not mess. I will not stop until You will not mess. I will not stop until I destroy you. I destroy you. I destroy you. I would totally watch this crossover. I would totally watch this crossover. I would totally watch this crossover. Hey spring junkies, want to see our real Hey spring junkies, want to see our real Hey spring junkies, want to see our real take on Agents of Shield? Then check out take on Agents of Shield? Then check out take on Agents of Shield? Then check out the first episode of our new original the first episode of our new original the first episode of our new original series, Interns of Field, to find out series, Interns of Field, to find out series, Interns of Field, to find out about superheroes assistance. about superheroes assistance. about superheroes assistance. Assistance. It's twice as funny as Assistance. It's twice as funny as Assistance. It's twice as funny as Agents of Shield, and half of that is on Agents of Shield, and half of that is on Agents of Shield, and half of that is on purpose. purpose. purpose. Come on, guys. We work really hard on Come on, guys. We work really hard on Come on, guys. We work really hard on it. We really appreciate you watching it. We really appreciate you watching it. We really appreciate you watching it. it. it. 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, 100 squats, 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, 100 squats, 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, 100 squats, then a 10 km run every single day. I've then a 10 km run every single day. I've then a 10 km run every single day. I've got you for 3 minutes. 3 minutes of play got you for 3 minutes. 3 minutes of play got you for 3 minutes. 3 minutes of play time. Scrunchy McDoodle Crunch. The bat time. Scrunchy McDoodle Crunch. The bat time. Scrunchy McDoodle Crunch. The bat is dead. Bury it. Consider this mercy. I is dead. Bury it. Consider this mercy. I is dead. Bury it. Consider this mercy. I love Jimmy Chongas. A famous lie in a love Jimmy Chongas. A famous lie in a love Jimmy Chongas. A famous lie in a famous movie by a famous person.
