Today we are building a full stack AI Today we are building a full stack AI Today we are building a full stack AI testing automation agent using NexJS, testing automation agent using NexJS, testing automation agent using NexJS, React, AI, GitHub and browserbase. This React, AI, GitHub and browserbase. This React, AI, GitHub and browserbase. This app allow user to connect their GitHub app allow user to connect their GitHub app allow user to connect their GitHub repository, let AI analyze the source repository, let AI analyze the source repository, let AI analyze the source code, automatically generate the smart code, automatically generate the smart code, automatically generate the smart test cases, create a browser automation test cases, create a browser automation test cases, create a browser automation script and then run those test inside script and then run those test inside script and then run those test inside the real cloud browser using browser the real cloud browser using browser the real cloud browser using browser base. Basically, we are building our own base. Basically, we are building our own base. Basically, we are building our own AI powered QA automation platform from AI powered QA automation platform from AI powered QA automation platform from scratch where AI understand your app, scratch where AI understand your app, scratch where AI understand your app, write the test steps, execute them in a write the test steps, execute them in a write the test steps, execute them in a real browser and shows pass or fail real browser and shows pass or fail real browser and shows pass or fail result with a detailed log. This is a result with a detailed log. This is a result with a detailed log. This is a perfect project if you want to learn AI perfect project if you want to learn AI perfect project if you want to learn AI agent, Nex.js fullstack development, agent, Nex.js fullstack development, agent, Nex.js fullstack development, GitHub integration, browserbased GitHub integration, browserbased GitHub integration, browserbased automation, automated testing, pre write automation, automated testing, pre write automation, automated testing, pre write architecture. By the end of this video, architecture. By the end of this video, architecture. By the end of this video, you will have a production ready AI you will have a production ready AI you will have a production ready AI testing automation agent that can testing automation agent that can testing automation agent that can generate and run AI powered test case generate and run AI powered test case generate and run AI powered test case automatically. So let's build this automatically. So let's build this automatically. So let's build this powerful AI testing automation agent powerful AI testing automation agent powerful AI testing automation agent using NexJS AI and browserbase. Before using NexJS AI and browserbase. Before using NexJS AI and browserbase. Before start implementing let me walk through start implementing let me walk through start implementing let me walk through the application demo which we are going the application demo which we are going the application demo which we are going to build in this video. If you see we to build in this video. If you see we to build in this video. If you see we have this beautiful landing screen and have this beautiful landing screen and have this beautiful landing screen and this landing screen itself saying that this landing screen itself saying that this landing screen itself saying that you have to connect your repo and then you have to connect your repo and then you have to connect your repo and then AI will test your application. Pretty AI will test your application. Pretty AI will test your application. Pretty cool, right? And it also mentioned the cool, right? And it also mentioned the cool, right? And it also mentioned the complete workflow how this AI testing complete workflow how this AI testing complete workflow how this AI testing automation will work and all the automation will work and all the automation will work and all the features. Now simply sign in to the app features. Now simply sign in to the app features. Now simply sign in to the app and then you will redirect it to the and then you will redirect it to the and then you will redirect it to the workspace. Once you jump onto the workspace. Once you jump onto the workspace. Once you jump onto the workspace very first time it will ask workspace very first time it will ask workspace very first time it will ask you to connect your GitHub account. Now you to connect your GitHub account. Now you to connect your GitHub account. Now you will learn how to authenticate your you will learn how to authenticate your you will learn how to authenticate your application with a github with a github application with a github with a github application with a github with a github o uh hdk and then once you authenticate o uh hdk and then once you authenticate o uh hdk and then once you authenticate then you will learn how we can fetch all then you will learn how we can fetch all then you will learn how we can fetch all the users repo u list inside our app so the users repo u list inside our app so the users repo u list inside our app so that user can easily search it and then that user can easily search it and then that user can easily search it and then whichever repo user want to add for the whichever repo user want to add for the whichever repo user want to add for the testing they can select and simply click testing they can select and simply click testing they can select and simply click add. As soon as you click add, you will add. As soon as you click add, you will add. As soon as you click add, you will see your repo is now added. Inside this, see your repo is now added. Inside this, see your repo is now added. Inside this, if I expand this option or expand this if I expand this option or expand this if I expand this option or expand this particular repo, you will see an option particular repo, you will see an option particular repo, you will see an option to configure your project domain. Now, to configure your project domain. Now, to configure your project domain. Now, on which domain or website you want to on which domain or website you want to on which domain or website you want to run this test cases, you have you can run this test cases, you have you can run this test cases, you have you can configure easily through this project configure easily through this project configure easily through this project config. Simply enter the URL. config. Simply enter the URL. config. Simply enter the URL. So in this case I will paste the URL So in this case I will paste the URL So in this case I will paste the URL inside the global test instruction. You inside the global test instruction. You inside the global test instruction. You can add uh any instruction which you can add uh any instruction which you can add uh any instruction which you want to give or your uh demo username want to give or your uh demo username want to give or your uh demo username password so that this test case easily password so that this test case easily password so that this test case easily access your uh authenticated pages and access your uh authenticated pages and access your uh authenticated pages and once you are happy with it simply click once you are happy with it simply click once you are happy with it simply click save config. After that you will see a save config. After that you will see a save config. After that you will see a status card that once you generate the status card that once you generate the status card that once you generate the test cases you will see the total count test cases you will see the total count test cases you will see the total count and once you execute you will say how and once you execute you will say how and once you execute you will say how many are pass how many are fail and many are pass how many are fail and many are pass how many are fail and total passing rate. Now here you also total passing rate. Now here you also total passing rate. Now here you also have option to generate the test cases have option to generate the test cases have option to generate the test cases for this repo. If I click on it, it will for this repo. If I click on it, it will for this repo. If I click on it, it will start generating the test case. It will start generating the test case. It will start generating the test case. It will read you a complete repo the each code read you a complete repo the each code read you a complete repo the each code and then AI will automatically generate and then AI will automatically generate and then AI will automatically generate the test cases something like this. If the test cases something like this. If the test cases something like this. If you see currently it generated seven you see currently it generated seven you see currently it generated seven test cases because I limit it up to test cases because I limit it up to test cases because I limit it up to seven test case but you can increase seven test case but you can increase seven test case but you can increase that limit then each test case has the that limit then each test case has the that limit then each test case has the title and the description also this test title and the description also this test title and the description also this test case belong to which type whether this case belong to which type whether this case belong to which type whether this is API this is the integration one and is API this is the integration one and is API this is the integration one and this is a UI one this is the this is a UI one this is the this is a UI one this is the authentication one like that not only authentication one like that not only authentication one like that not only that but if you open any test case you that but if you open any test case you that but if you open any test case you will see some more detail which you have will see some more detail which you have will see some more detail which you have option to update it like test title option to update it like test title option to update it like test title test description, what is the target test description, what is the target test description, what is the target route? So here this target route it route? So here this target route it route? So here this target route it fetches from the GitHub file tree and fetches from the GitHub file tree and fetches from the GitHub file tree and then what is the expected result once then what is the expected result once then what is the expected result once you run or execute this test case. Now you run or execute this test case. Now you run or execute this test case. Now we once we select the test case which we once we select the test case which we once we select the test case which you want to execute and then run it then you want to execute and then run it then you want to execute and then run it then it will automatically it will automatically it will automatically pass all of this information to the AI pass all of this information to the AI pass all of this information to the AI so that AI will automatically execute so that AI will automatically execute so that AI will automatically execute the proper script and that script we can the proper script and that script we can the proper script and that script we can pass it to the browser base pretty cool pass it to the browser base pretty cool pass it to the browser base pretty cool right now let's test some examples so right now let's test some examples so right now let's test some examples so over here so over here I will select over here so over here I will select over here so over here I will select this test case or whichever test case this test case or whichever test case this test case or whichever test case you want just select those and you want just select those and you want just select those and You can simply run the test case. You You can simply run the test case. You You can simply run the test case. You can select all of them as well. And once can select all of them as well. And once can select all of them as well. And once you click run test case, you will see uh you click run test case, you will see uh you click run test case, you will see uh this dialogue where you will see a this dialogue where you will see a this dialogue where you will see a proper target website URL option to proper target website URL option to proper target website URL option to update. Then here you will find an update. Then here you will find an update. Then here you will find an option called execution option. Here you option called execution option. Here you option called execution option. Here you have two different mode. One is the run have two different mode. One is the run have two different mode. One is the run catcher mode where once you generate the catcher mode where once you generate the catcher mode where once you generate the test script you can execute the old one test script you can execute the old one test script you can execute the old one or if you want to add some custom or if you want to add some custom or if you want to add some custom command while generating you can simply command while generating you can simply command while generating you can simply add it and uh uh change this mode to the add it and uh uh change this mode to the add it and uh uh change this mode to the AI. So AI will generate the updated AI. So AI will generate the updated AI. So AI will generate the updated script in order to execute it. Okay. script in order to execute it. Okay. script in order to execute it. Okay. Then on the left hand side you will see Then on the left hand side you will see Then on the left hand side you will see the selected test cases and then once the selected test cases and then once the selected test cases and then once you click start execution it you click start execution it you click start execution it automatically start executing your test automatically start executing your test automatically start executing your test case. So right now if you see it start case. So right now if you see it start case. So right now if you see it start running and it's generating the test uh running and it's generating the test uh running and it's generating the test uh script as well. Now automatically it script as well. Now automatically it script as well. Now automatically it will start executing using a browser will start executing using a browser will start executing using a browser base on the cloud. Okay in a real base on the cloud. Okay in a real base on the cloud. Okay in a real browser. So we'll wait and if you see in browser. So we'll wait and if you see in browser. So we'll wait and if you see in out of these two test case one is fail out of these two test case one is fail out of these two test case one is fail once you click on it on the right hand once you click on it on the right hand once you click on it on the right hand side you will see why it fails and side you will see why it fails and side you will see why it fails and everything. So currently it's navigating everything. So currently it's navigating everything. So currently it's navigating to this page and it tried to locate this to this page and it tried to locate this to this page and it tried to locate this particular toggle button but it might be particular toggle button but it might be particular toggle button but it might be missing but the another one is pass. So missing but the another one is pass. So missing but the another one is pass. So in second one it just checking whether in second one it just checking whether in second one it just checking whether the sign-in page is getting rendered or the sign-in page is getting rendered or the sign-in page is getting rendered or not. And this test case you will see not. And this test case you will see not. And this test case you will see complete step-by-step log. Pretty cool, complete step-by-step log. Pretty cool, complete step-by-step log. Pretty cool, right? And that's how the test execution right? And that's how the test execution right? And that's how the test execution will uh take place. Now, not only that, will uh take place. Now, not only that, will uh take place. Now, not only that, but with the help of browserbased but with the help of browserbased but with the help of browserbased integration, this test case is rendering integration, this test case is rendering integration, this test case is rendering on the cloud in a real browser. And once on the cloud in a real browser. And once on the cloud in a real browser. And once you execute it, you can even watch the you execute it, you can even watch the you execute it, you can even watch the recording. So here we added an option recording. So here we added an option recording. So here we added an option called watch recording which will called watch recording which will called watch recording which will navigate to the browserbased um page and navigate to the browserbased um page and navigate to the browserbased um page and then it will show you the live recording then it will show you the live recording then it will show you the live recording of the website. So if I play this of the website. So if I play this of the website. So if I play this you will see our application will get you will see our application will get you will see our application will get open and here we have the sign-in page open and here we have the sign-in page open and here we have the sign-in page for that one. Okay. So that's how uh it for that one. Okay. So that's how uh it for that one. Okay. So that's how uh it make sure that you are all the step make sure that you are all the step make sure that you are all the step whatever is the mention in the script is whatever is the mention in the script is whatever is the mention in the script is executing and you can verify by watching executing and you can verify by watching executing and you can verify by watching this recording as well and once you are this recording as well and once you are this recording as well and once you are happy you can close it. Now whichever happy you can close it. Now whichever happy you can close it. Now whichever the test case is failed you can make the the test case is failed you can make the the test case is failed you can make the changes accordingly inside your changes accordingly inside your changes accordingly inside your application and then select that test application and then select that test application and then select that test case run the test case and in that case case run the test case and in that case case run the test case and in that case the script is already generated so it the script is already generated so it the script is already generated so it will run the catcher one but if you want will run the catcher one but if you want will run the catcher one but if you want to give any extra instruction then you to give any extra instruction then you to give any extra instruction then you can select AI generate add those can select AI generate add those can select AI generate add those instruction and then AI will generate a instruction and then AI will generate a instruction and then AI will generate a new script otherwise you can use the new script otherwise you can use the new script otherwise you can use the existing run catches script which make existing run catches script which make existing run catches script which make the test execution much faster. the test execution much faster. the test execution much faster. Now Now Now if you see I already have some of the if you see I already have some of the if you see I already have some of the example which I want to show you. So in example which I want to show you. So in example which I want to show you. So in this case I run the total six test cases this case I run the total six test cases this case I run the total six test cases out of the two are pass and four are out of the two are pass and four are out of the two are pass and four are fail. So the passing rate is 33% and you fail. So the passing rate is 33% and you fail. So the passing rate is 33% and you will see which one are pass which one is will see which one are pass which one is will see which one are pass which one is fail. We also have the credits uh system fail. We also have the credits uh system fail. We also have the credits uh system where depends on the your u repo count where depends on the your u repo count where depends on the your u repo count as well as how many test case you as well as how many test case you as well as how many test case you generated how many are executed it will generated how many are executed it will generated how many are executed it will automatically detect the credits from automatically detect the credits from automatically detect the credits from the account every detail information and the account every detail information and the account every detail information and implementation guide. Uh it's explained implementation guide. Uh it's explained implementation guide. Uh it's explained properly inside the project. We are properly inside the project. We are properly inside the project. We are going to write each uh project's code going to write each uh project's code going to write each uh project's code line by line. This is not a wipe coding line by line. This is not a wipe coding line by line. This is not a wipe coding tutorial. This is a complete full stack tutorial. This is a complete full stack tutorial. This is a complete full stack tutorial where we are building this AI tutorial where we are building this AI tutorial where we are building this AI uh testing automation agent from the uh testing automation agent from the uh testing automation agent from the scratch. Throughout the project, we are scratch. Throughout the project, we are scratch. Throughout the project, we are going to learn how this AI test going to learn how this AI test going to learn how this AI test automation work. I'm going to show an uh automation work. I'm going to show an uh automation work. I'm going to show an uh a complete application workflow in a a complete application workflow in a a complete application workflow in a step-by-step way with the proper mockup step-by-step way with the proper mockup step-by-step way with the proper mockup to implement and then also give you the to implement and then also give you the to implement and then also give you the quick code to copy paste it sometimes if quick code to copy paste it sometimes if quick code to copy paste it sometimes if needed. Everything is mentioned. This needed. Everything is mentioned. This needed. Everything is mentioned. This eraser documentation is also available eraser documentation is also available eraser documentation is also available in the description. Now the most in the description. Now the most in the description. Now the most interesting uh text which we are going interesting uh text which we are going interesting uh text which we are going to use is a browser base. Browserbase to use is a browser base. Browserbase to use is a browser base. Browserbase will give you your agent to access the will give you your agent to access the will give you your agent to access the whole web. It provide a lot of different whole web. It provide a lot of different whole web. It provide a lot of different feature and lot of big IT companies feature and lot of big IT companies feature and lot of big IT companies using the browser base like the API like using the browser base like the API like using the browser base like the API like search API, fetch API or browser as a search API, fetch API or browser as a search API, fetch API or browser as a service. There are lot of different use service. There are lot of different use service. There are lot of different use cases you will find uh and you can cases you will find uh and you can cases you will find uh and you can implement with the browser base implement with the browser base implement with the browser base with their uh playground inside the with their uh playground inside the with their uh playground inside the browserbased dashboard. You can test the browserbased dashboard. You can test the browserbased dashboard. You can test the script, you can run it, and you can see script, you can run it, and you can see script, you can run it, and you can see a live uh execution of your test cases a live uh execution of your test cases a live uh execution of your test cases as well. Everything I'm going to explain as well. Everything I'm going to explain as well. Everything I'm going to explain and teach you how to integrate this and teach you how to integrate this and teach you how to integrate this browser base inside your application and browser base inside your application and browser base inside your application and make an powerful AI testing automation make an powerful AI testing automation make an powerful AI testing automation agent. Make sure to click the link in agent. Make sure to click the link in agent. Make sure to click the link in the description in order to sign up to the description in order to sign up to the description in order to sign up to get some free access with the browser get some free access with the browser get some free access with the browser base. This complete project we divided base. This complete project we divided base. This complete project we divided into a small chapters and for each of into a small chapters and for each of into a small chapters and for each of the chapter we are going to create a new the chapter we are going to create a new the chapter we are going to create a new branch inside the GitHub repo and then branch inside the GitHub repo and then branch inside the GitHub repo and then we are going to push our code. For each we are going to push our code. For each we are going to push our code. For each branch we are going to create a pull branch we are going to create a pull branch we are going to create a pull request where with the help of plan.dev request where with the help of plan.dev request where with the help of plan.dev we are going to review each of the PR we are going to review each of the PR we are going to review each of the PR and then you can uh see all the uh code and then you can uh see all the uh code and then you can uh see all the uh code changes summary as well as the inline changes summary as well as the inline changes summary as well as the inline comment for the suggestion and from the comment for the suggestion and from the comment for the suggestion and from the planog.dev dev dashboard you can find planog.dev dev dashboard you can find planog.dev dev dashboard you can find the NEPS summary anytime everything is the NEPS summary anytime everything is the NEPS summary anytime everything is mentioned inside the plan.dev mentioned inside the plan.dev mentioned inside the plan.dev also plan as a feature where you can also plan as a feature where you can also plan as a feature where you can simply enter your project idea it will simply enter your project idea it will simply enter your project idea it will uh give you the tech tag options and uh give you the tech tag options and uh give you the tech tag options and then it will start generating the then it will start generating the then it will start generating the feature and the to-do or task for you. feature and the to-do or task for you. feature and the to-do or task for you. After that you can simply copy the After that you can simply copy the After that you can simply copy the prompt and simply enter inside your prompt and simply enter inside your prompt and simply enter inside your favorite ID. You can also test each of favorite ID. You can also test each of favorite ID. You can also test each of the feature implemented by the AI ai the feature implemented by the AI ai the feature implemented by the AI ai coding agent and then you can see the coding agent and then you can see the coding agent and then you can see the complete instruction. This is a perfect complete instruction. This is a perfect complete instruction. This is a perfect package for those who really want to package for those who really want to package for those who really want to build an application. Uh and this is the build an application. Uh and this is the build an application. Uh and this is the tool which I build it for you also. If tool which I build it for you also. If tool which I build it for you also. If you want to um get any source code you want to um get any source code you want to um get any source code access then you can join to the cube.com access then you can join to the cube.com access then you can join to the cube.com where you'll get all the source code and where you'll get all the source code and where you'll get all the source code and the project as well. You can track any the project as well. You can track any the project as well. You can track any project chapter by chapter each project project chapter by chapter each project project chapter by chapter each project divided into a small chapter so that you divided into a small chapter so that you divided into a small chapter so that you can easily track it out. Simply go to can easily track it out. Simply go to can easily track it out. Simply go to the tubey.com and join the membership. the tubey.com and join the membership. the tubey.com and join the membership. Now if you want to manage your own Now if you want to manage your own Now if you want to manage your own personal task habits, so I created this personal task habits, so I created this personal task habits, so I created this task bearer AI um agent app for you task bearer AI um agent app for you task bearer AI um agent app for you where you can track your daily task. You where you can track your daily task. You where you can track your daily task. You can track your daily routine habits and can track your daily routine habits and can track your daily routine habits and not only that but you can also add your not only that but you can also add your not only that but you can also add your family member and then you can assign family member and then you can assign family member and then you can assign the task for them. And to track any of the task for them. And to track any of the task for them. And to track any of my website or your website you can try my website or your website you can try my website or your website you can try this web tracking app. This is the tool this web tracking app. This is the tool this web tracking app. This is the tool which I created for you. Simply add your which I created for you. Simply add your which I created for you. Simply add your domain and then uh enter the small domain and then uh enter the small domain and then uh enter the small script inside your project source code script inside your project source code script inside your project source code and then it will automatically start and then it will automatically start and then it will automatically start tracking your complete website. It will tracking your complete website. It will tracking your complete website. It will give you where the all the um content or give you where the all the um content or give you where the all the um content or uh visitors coming from from which uh visitors coming from from which uh visitors coming from from which country which browser what are the URL country which browser what are the URL country which browser what are the URL and the most interesting you'll get an and the most interesting you'll get an and the most interesting you'll get an AI insight. You can even track your uh AI insight. You can even track your uh AI insight. You can even track your uh earning through the web tracking. earning through the web tracking. earning through the web tracking. Everything Everything Everything uh content in the web tracking. It's uh content in the web tracking. It's uh content in the web tracking. It's free to use. Give a try. I will put the free to use. Give a try. I will put the free to use. Give a try. I will put the link in the description. link in the description. link in the description. So guys, without doing any further So guys, without doing any further So guys, without doing any further delay, let's begin to develop a AI delay, let's begin to develop a AI delay, let's begin to develop a AI testing automation agent. But if you are testing automation agent. But if you are testing automation agent. But if you are new to this channel, don't forget to new to this channel, don't forget to new to this channel, don't forget to subscribe, press notification bell icon, subscribe, press notification bell icon, subscribe, press notification bell icon, and don't forget to like this video. Now in order to create a react neckj Now in order to create a react neckj Now in order to create a react neckj app, we are going to use this new boiler app, we are going to use this new boiler app, we are going to use this new boiler plate which I recently created which plate which I recently created which plate which I recently created which call a fast neckjs app. This boiler call a fast neckjs app. This boiler call a fast neckjs app. This boiler plate contain all the text stack which plate contain all the text stack which plate contain all the text stack which you need like for styling and UI. You you need like for styling and UI. You you need like for styling and UI. You can use either telin css, chation, daisy can use either telin css, chation, daisy can use either telin css, chation, daisy ui or fly on ui. For a database you have ui or fly on ui. For a database you have ui or fly on ui. For a database you have bunch of option like superbase, neon, a bunch of option like superbase, neon, a bunch of option like superbase, neon, a posegate, sql along with the drizzle o posegate, sql along with the drizzle o posegate, sql along with the drizzle o or even firebase fire store and for or even firebase fire store and for or even firebase fire store and for authentication we have cler next or authentication we have cler next or authentication we have cler next or borot and for payment and email as well borot and for payment and email as well borot and for payment and email as well and it's very easy to create this boiler and it's very easy to create this boiler and it's very easy to create this boiler plate. So in order to use it you can plate. So in order to use it you can plate. So in order to use it you can simply copy this npx or npm command then simply copy this npx or npm command then simply copy this npx or npm command then open a terminal at the folder where you open a terminal at the folder where you open a terminal at the folder where you want to create this project. and then simply paste the command which and then simply paste the command which and then simply paste the command which you copied which is npx create fastjs you copied which is npx create fastjs you copied which is npx create fastjs app and then hit enter then it will ask app and then hit enter then it will ask app and then hit enter then it will ask do you want to proceed we'll say yes do you want to proceed we'll say yes do you want to proceed we'll say yes and then you have to enter your project and then you have to enter your project and then you have to enter your project name so we'll say AI name so we'll say AI name so we'll say AI test automation agent okay then hit enter and then you agent okay then hit enter and then you agent okay then hit enter and then you have option to Select the styling have option to Select the styling have option to Select the styling framework whether you want telvin CSS, framework whether you want telvin CSS, framework whether you want telvin CSS, shadian or any other. So I will select shadian or any other. So I will select shadian or any other. So I will select the shadian. We'll hit enter. Then you the shadian. We'll hit enter. Then you the shadian. We'll hit enter. Then you have option to select a database. Now in have option to select a database. Now in have option to select a database. Now in this uh particular project we are going this uh particular project we are going this uh particular project we are going to use a posgate SQL database with the to use a posgate SQL database with the to use a posgate SQL database with the help of neonb and the drizzle OM. And help of neonb and the drizzle OM. And help of neonb and the drizzle OM. And for the authentication, we'll go with for the authentication, we'll go with for the authentication, we'll go with the clerk authentication because we want the clerk authentication because we want the clerk authentication because we want to keep our um production and to keep our um production and to keep our um production and development faster. And clerk has a lot development faster. And clerk has a lot development faster. And clerk has a lot of predefined UI component and it also of predefined UI component and it also of predefined UI component and it also free. So we'll select the clerk. Then free. So we'll select the clerk. Then free. So we'll select the clerk. Then for a payment gateway, if you want to for a payment gateway, if you want to for a payment gateway, if you want to add a payment gateway right now, you can add a payment gateway right now, you can add a payment gateway right now, you can add it or you can add it later on. But add it or you can add it later on. But add it or you can add it later on. But for now, let's select the tribe. Uh in for now, let's select the tribe. Uh in for now, let's select the tribe. Uh in future, I will add more payment uh future, I will add more payment uh future, I will add more payment uh gateway option in this boiler plate. And gateway option in this boiler plate. And gateway option in this boiler plate. And then for email sender, uh we'll skip it then for email sender, uh we'll skip it then for email sender, uh we'll skip it for now. So we'll say none. Then which for now. So we'll say none. Then which for now. So we'll say none. Then which package manager you want to use? If you package manager you want to use? If you package manager you want to use? If you want to use npm, pnpm, you can select want to use npm, pnpm, you can select want to use npm, pnpm, you can select that. I will go with the npm. And then that. I will go with the npm. And then that. I will go with the npm. And then uh do you want to initialize the g repo? uh do you want to initialize the g repo? uh do you want to initialize the g repo? Right now we'll say no. And then do you Right now we'll say no. And then do you Right now we'll say no. And then do you want to install npm package right now? want to install npm package right now? want to install npm package right now? Right. So we'll say yes. And right now Right. So we'll say yes. And right now Right. So we'll say yes. And right now if you see it started installing the if you see it started installing the if you see it started installing the dependencies. And once the project is dependencies. And once the project is dependencies. And once the project is successfully uh installed along with the successfully uh installed along with the successfully uh installed along with the dependency, you will see a success dependency, you will see a success dependency, you will see a success message as well. and then you're ready message as well. and then you're ready message as well. and then you're ready to jump inside the project. So now you to jump inside the project. So now you to jump inside the project. So now you can use a VS code or Google anti-gravity can use a VS code or Google anti-gravity can use a VS code or Google anti-gravity for this project to open. I will go go for this project to open. I will go go for this project to open. I will go go with anti-gravity. And then inside that with anti-gravity. And then inside that with anti-gravity. And then inside that we'll open our project. we'll open our project. we'll open our project. And here you'll see some of the files And here you'll see some of the files And here you'll see some of the files and folder present inside your project. and folder present inside your project. and folder present inside your project. Let me walk through each one of them Let me walk through each one of them Let me walk through each one of them quickly. So we'll understand what the quickly. So we'll understand what the quickly. So we'll understand what the boiler plate contain and depends on our boiler plate contain and depends on our boiler plate contain and depends on our selection only that u template or code selection only that u template or code selection only that u template or code is added to your app. Now at the first is added to your app. Now at the first is added to your app. Now at the first we have this app folder and inside the we have this app folder and inside the we have this app folder and inside the app folder we have API signin signup app folder we have API signin signup app folder we have API signin signup page along with uh default page.tsx page along with uh default page.tsx page along with uh default page.tsx file. Now when we run your application file. Now when we run your application file. Now when we run your application you will see this page.tx file will get you will see this page.tx file will get you will see this page.tx file will get rendered. Then we have layout.tsx tsx rendered. Then we have layout.tsx tsx rendered. Then we have layout.tsx tsx file which is the root layout which file which is the root layout which file which is the root layout which contain a metadata of for your contain a metadata of for your contain a metadata of for your application. Now obviously this is very application. Now obviously this is very application. Now obviously this is very important for the SEO purpose but you important for the SEO purpose but you important for the SEO purpose but you can update with your own metadata. So it can update with your own metadata. So it can update with your own metadata. So it will help us to rank your website uh on will help us to rank your website uh on will help us to rank your website uh on Google. Then we have the Google. Then we have the Google. Then we have the u HTML body tag through which all the u HTML body tag through which all the u HTML body tag through which all the pages are going to render. Then we have pages are going to render. Then we have pages are going to render. Then we have global CSS which contain all the uh CSS global CSS which contain all the uh CSS global CSS which contain all the uh CSS applied throughout your application. So applied throughout your application. So applied throughout your application. So you can mention directly inside the you can mention directly inside the you can mention directly inside the global CSS. Now this already have the global CSS. Now this already have the global CSS. Now this already have the some root variables as well. If you see some root variables as well. If you see some root variables as well. If you see that is because with the help of shad CN that is because with the help of shad CN that is because with the help of shad CN UI component library we have all of UI component library we have all of UI component library we have all of these color uh variables. Then we have these color uh variables. Then we have these color uh variables. Then we have the sign in and signup page which is the sign in and signup page which is the sign in and signup page which is added by the clerk authentication. and added by the clerk authentication. and added by the clerk authentication. and then this API for the stripe checkout then this API for the stripe checkout then this API for the stripe checkout and webbook. Okay. Now, whichever API and webbook. Okay. Now, whichever API and webbook. Okay. Now, whichever API endpoint you want to write, you can put endpoint you want to write, you can put endpoint you want to write, you can put it inside this API folder. Now, next it inside this API folder. Now, next it inside this API folder. Now, next thing we have the component folder. thing we have the component folder. thing we have the component folder. Inside the component, if you see, we Inside the component, if you see, we Inside the component, if you see, we have these two chats component file, have these two chats component file, have these two chats component file, which is a button.tsx and card.tsx file. which is a button.tsx and card.tsx file. which is a button.tsx and card.tsx file. After that we also have a DB uh After that we also have a DB uh After that we also have a DB uh initialization as we selected the new initialization as we selected the new initialization as we selected the new ongget SQL database. So inside the ongget SQL database. So inside the ongget SQL database. So inside the index.tsx you will see the index.tsx you will see the index.tsx you will see the initialization of uh DB and the DB initialization of uh DB and the DB initialization of uh DB and the DB reference is exported so that you can reference is exported so that you can reference is exported so that you can use it throughout the application. Then use it throughout the application. Then use it throughout the application. Then we have schema.ts file which already we have schema.ts file which already we have schema.ts file which already have the two uh table. Right now we have the two uh table. Right now we have the two uh table. Right now we don't need this post table. So we'll don't need this post table. So we'll don't need this post table. So we'll remove it. But inside the user table remove it. But inside the user table remove it. But inside the user table we'll save all the user information like we'll save all the user information like we'll save all the user information like once user sign in then we want to save once user sign in then we want to save once user sign in then we want to save user email ID and all the information. user email ID and all the information. user email ID and all the information. After that we have the lift folder. After that we have the lift folder. After that we have the lift folder. Inside the lift we have the stripe.tss Inside the lift we have the stripe.tss Inside the lift we have the stripe.tss initialization along with we have the initialization along with we have the initialization along with we have the tailwind CSS initialization as well. tailwind CSS initialization as well. tailwind CSS initialization as well. Then we have node module folder. Then we have node module folder. Then we have node module folder. Obviously we are not going to touch this Obviously we are not going to touch this Obviously we are not going to touch this folder at any time. After this we have folder at any time. After this we have folder at any time. After this we have this env file. Now inside the EN file this env file. Now inside the EN file this env file. Now inside the EN file whichever environment variable you need whichever environment variable you need whichever environment variable you need to run this project is mentioned like we to run this project is mentioned like we to run this project is mentioned like we need a database URL from the neon. Then need a database URL from the neon. Then need a database URL from the neon. Then we also need a clerk publish publisher we also need a clerk publish publisher we also need a clerk publish publisher key and the secret key which we will key and the secret key which we will key and the secret key which we will generate from the clerk uh dashboard. generate from the clerk uh dashboard. generate from the clerk uh dashboard. And then if you want to integrate the And then if you want to integrate the And then if you want to integrate the stripe payment gateway then we need a stripe payment gateway then we need a stripe payment gateway then we need a stripe secret key along with the webbook stripe secret key along with the webbook stripe secret key along with the webbook secret and the publisher key. Okay. Now secret and the publisher key. Okay. Now secret and the publisher key. Okay. Now the env example is similar to env you the env example is similar to env you the env example is similar to env you can delete one of them. Uh you can can delete one of them. Uh you can can delete one of them. Uh you can delete obviously this example. Then we delete obviously this example. Then we delete obviously this example. Then we have the component.json which contain a have the component.json which contain a have the component.json which contain a sharing related configuration. We have sharing related configuration. We have sharing related configuration. We have drizzle config for the drizzle drizzle config for the drizzle drizzle config for the drizzle configuration to connect your uh configuration to connect your uh configuration to connect your uh database along with to the drizzle o. database along with to the drizzle o. database along with to the drizzle o. Then we have middleware.ts. Now this Then we have middleware.ts. Now this Then we have middleware.ts. Now this clerk middleware file um which contain clerk middleware file um which contain clerk middleware file um which contain all the code. But now this changed to all the code. But now this changed to all the code. But now this changed to the proxy.ts. So if I rename this to the proxy.ts. So if I rename this to the proxy.ts. So if I rename this to proxy then it it will uh it will update proxy then it it will uh it will update proxy then it it will uh it will update with the new version. Then we have next with the new version. Then we have next with the new version. Then we have next config.ts file which contain a config.ts file which contain a config.ts file which contain a configuration related to your NexJS configuration related to your NexJS configuration related to your NexJS application. The package.json which application. The package.json which application. The package.json which contain all the packages along with the contain all the packages along with the contain all the packages along with the script to run and build your script to run and build your script to run and build your application. If you see all the application. If you see all the application. If you see all the dependency like clerk neon stripe and dependency like clerk neon stripe and dependency like clerk neon stripe and many other and then we have many other and then we have many other and then we have telin.config.ts telin.config.ts telin.config.ts file. Okay. Currently I have for this file. Okay. Currently I have for this file. Okay. Currently I have for this particular um boiler plate it feel like particular um boiler plate it feel like particular um boiler plate it feel like it's using a tailwind CSS version 3. it's using a tailwind CSS version 3. it's using a tailwind CSS version 3. Okay. But you can update to version 4. Okay. But you can update to version 4. Okay. But you can update to version 4. It's totally up to you. Now let's run It's totally up to you. Now let's run It's totally up to you. Now let's run this application. So I will go to the this application. So I will go to the this application. So I will go to the terminal. Click new terminal. Type terminal. Click new terminal. Type terminal. Click new terminal. Type command npm runde and then your command npm runde and then your command npm runde and then your application will run on local host 3000. application will run on local host 3000. application will run on local host 3000. Simply open it and you might get an Simply open it and you might get an Simply open it and you might get an error and it's saying the publisher key error and it's saying the publisher key error and it's saying the publisher key is not valid. Currently inside our env is not valid. Currently inside our env is not valid. Currently inside our env file you will see the clerk publisher file you will see the clerk publisher file you will see the clerk publisher key is not the correct and we need to key is not the correct and we need to key is not the correct and we need to generate that because inside our generate that because inside our generate that because inside our layout.tsx file we have to make sure layout.tsx file we have to make sure layout.tsx file we have to make sure we'll wrap our application inside the we'll wrap our application inside the we'll wrap our application inside the clerk provider so that our app can be clerk provider so that our app can be clerk provider so that our app can be protected. Okay. But adding a clerk, protected. Okay. But adding a clerk, protected. Okay. But adding a clerk, publisher key is important. So in order publisher key is important. So in order publisher key is important. So in order to get the key, click the link in the to get the key, click the link in the to get the key, click the link in the description to get a free access to the description to get a free access to the description to get a free access to the clerk. And then uh once you jump on this clerk. And then uh once you jump on this clerk. And then uh once you jump on this site, you will see all the services and site, you will see all the services and site, you will see all the services and feature available by clerk. Clerk feature available by clerk. Clerk feature available by clerk. Clerk provide a lot of different feature and provide a lot of different feature and provide a lot of different feature and clerk is one of the best and topmost clerk is one of the best and topmost clerk is one of the best and topmost authentication service provider in the authentication service provider in the authentication service provider in the market. So I will go to the dashboard market. So I will go to the dashboard market. So I will go to the dashboard and we'll create a new application. and we'll create a new application. and we'll create a new application. So let's go to the application and So let's go to the application and So let's go to the application and inside that we'll click create app. Then inside that we'll click create app. Then inside that we'll click create app. Then give the application name. So we'll say give the application name. So we'll say give the application name. So we'll say AI AI AI testing automation testing automation testing automation agent agent agent and then simply click create app. Now and then simply click create app. Now and then simply click create app. Now you can select whichever signin option you can select whichever signin option you can select whichever signin option you want. You can select like GitHub, you want. You can select like GitHub, you want. You can select like GitHub, Apple, Facebook or any other. Then on Apple, Facebook or any other. Then on Apple, Facebook or any other. Then on the right hand side you will see the the right hand side you will see the the right hand side you will see the actual preview how how it actually look actual preview how how it actually look actual preview how how it actually look once you implement it and then simply once you implement it and then simply once you implement it and then simply click create application. Once the click create application. Once the click create application. Once the application is created make sure to application is created make sure to application is created make sure to select the NJS and then you can copy the select the NJS and then you can copy the select the NJS and then you can copy the publisher and the secret key. After that publisher and the secret key. After that publisher and the secret key. After that I will go to the env file and then I I will go to the env file and then I I will go to the env file and then I will replace this placeholder with the will replace this placeholder with the will replace this placeholder with the actual key and then save it. And once actual key and then save it. And once actual key and then save it. And once you add you will see our application is you add you will see our application is you add you will see our application is now running. Okay. So that's how uh you now running. Okay. So that's how uh you now running. Okay. So that's how uh you have to create your clerk authentication have to create your clerk authentication have to create your clerk authentication and add this key inside your MV file. If and add this key inside your MV file. If and add this key inside your MV file. If you any question any doubt related to you any question any doubt related to you any question any doubt related to creating your NJS application with the creating your NJS application with the creating your NJS application with the help of this fast neckjs boiler plate help of this fast neckjs boiler plate help of this fast neckjs boiler plate let me know in the comment section let me know in the comment section let me know in the comment section because next thing we need to show this because next thing we need to show this because next thing we need to show this sign in and signup page. So right now if sign in and signup page. So right now if sign in and signup page. So right now if I go to the sign in or sign up page you I go to the sign in or sign up page you I go to the sign in or sign up page you might see this error that's because we might see this error that's because we might see this error that's because we did not wrap your our application inside did not wrap your our application inside did not wrap your our application inside the clerk provider. Okay. So uh and once the clerk provider. Okay. So uh and once the clerk provider. Okay. So uh and once we had the authentication uh setup then we had the authentication uh setup then we had the authentication uh setup then we are going to save all the sign in and we are going to save all the sign in and we are going to save all the sign in and sign up user to our database as soon as sign up user to our database as soon as sign up user to our database as soon as he's sign up to our app. Okay. And we he's sign up to our app. Okay. And we he's sign up to our app. Okay. And we also going to set up a database for also going to set up a database for also going to set up a database for that. Now in order to set up a database our Now in order to set up a database our Now in order to set up a database our boiler plate have all the integration boiler plate have all the integration boiler plate have all the integration only thing that we need is a database only thing that we need is a database only thing that we need is a database URL and in order to generate this neon URL and in order to generate this neon URL and in order to generate this neon portgate SQL database URL you should portgate SQL database URL you should portgate SQL database URL you should navigate to the neon.com and here simply navigate to the neon.com and here simply navigate to the neon.com and here simply create a new account once you create create a new account once you create create a new account once you create account or if you don't have obviously account or if you don't have obviously account or if you don't have obviously create otherwise you can simply sign in create otherwise you can simply sign in create otherwise you can simply sign in and then create a new project if you and then create a new project if you and then create a new project if you don't have already And then here uh once don't have already And then here uh once don't have already And then here uh once you have the project on this dashboard you have the project on this dashboard you have the project on this dashboard page you will see an option called page you will see an option called page you will see an option called connect. Click on it and then I will connect. Click on it and then I will connect. Click on it and then I will just click on create new DB. Give the just click on create new DB. Give the just click on create new DB. Give the database name and then simply click create. Once you and then simply click create. Once you and then simply click create. Once you create it you will find a connection create it you will find a connection create it you will find a connection string. If it's not there you can simply string. If it's not there you can simply string. If it's not there you can simply click on this dropdown and copy this click on this dropdown and copy this click on this dropdown and copy this connection string. Then head back to the connection string. Then head back to the connection string. Then head back to the Google anti-gravity or in your app and Google anti-gravity or in your app and Google anti-gravity or in your app and then simply paste this code and save it. then simply paste this code and save it. then simply paste this code and save it. As simple as that. And now your database As simple as that. And now your database As simple as that. And now your database is ready. is ready. is ready. Now next thing in order to push all of Now next thing in order to push all of Now next thing in order to push all of these schema because inside the schema these schema because inside the schema these schema because inside the schema we have the user table and inside the we have the user table and inside the we have the user table and inside the user table we have these four different user table we have these four different user table we have these four different column like ID, name, column like ID, name, column like ID, name, email and created ad. In order to push email and created ad. In order to push email and created ad. In order to push it, you just need to type a command npx it, you just need to type a command npx it, you just need to type a command npx drizzle kit push. drizzle kit push. drizzle kit push. Okay, which will push your uh schema Okay, which will push your uh schema Okay, which will push your uh schema file. And right now once you push it, file. And right now once you push it, file. And right now once you push it, you will see this message called changes you will see this message called changes you will see this message called changes applied. Then you can run npx drizzle get studio command. Now this studio get studio command. Now this studio get studio command. Now this studio command will run uh the database locally command will run uh the database locally command will run uh the database locally uh means in a local uh studio. Okay, uh means in a local uh studio. Okay, uh means in a local uh studio. Okay, obviously it is connected to the neon obviously it is connected to the neon obviously it is connected to the neon only but you can see all your tables only but you can see all your tables only but you can see all your tables which is available uh under your which is available uh under your which is available uh under your database. And here we have user table database. And here we have user table database. And here we have user table along with these four column. Pretty along with these four column. Pretty along with these four column. Pretty cool, right? So that's how you have to cool, right? So that's how you have to cool, right? So that's how you have to set up your uh database. Now next thing set up your uh database. Now next thing set up your uh database. Now next thing let's uh make sure our clerk let's uh make sure our clerk let's uh make sure our clerk authentication is workable. So what you authentication is workable. So what you authentication is workable. So what you need to do you simply go to the need to do you simply go to the need to do you simply go to the layout.tsx file and then wrap your app layout.tsx file and then wrap your app layout.tsx file and then wrap your app inside the clerk provider. Something inside the clerk provider. Something inside the clerk provider. Something like this. Okay. Once you wrap it you like this. Okay. Once you wrap it you like this. Okay. Once you wrap it you can go back to the local host and then can go back to the local host and then can go back to the local host and then click go to the signin page. Okay. And click go to the signin page. Okay. And click go to the signin page. Okay. And then you will see this beautiful UI then you will see this beautiful UI then you will see this beautiful UI component ready which has the email component ready which has the email component ready which has the email password and option to sign in with the password and option to sign in with the password and option to sign in with the GitHub and Google. The same signin GitHub and Google. The same signin GitHub and Google. The same signin option which we selected while creating option which we selected while creating option which we selected while creating this clerk app inside the clerk this clerk app inside the clerk this clerk app inside the clerk dashboard. Pretty cool right? You can dashboard. Pretty cool right? You can dashboard. Pretty cool right? You can manage this social sign on from the uh manage this social sign on from the uh manage this social sign on from the uh dashboard as well. So under the clerk dashboard as well. So under the clerk dashboard as well. So under the clerk dashboard we have the configure section dashboard we have the configure section dashboard we have the configure section and inside the configure you will have and inside the configure you will have and inside the configure you will have you will see this SSO options. you will see this SSO options. you will see this SSO options. um click on this add connection and then um click on this add connection and then um click on this add connection and then you can add whichever connection you you can add whichever connection you you can add whichever connection you want. Okay. So here currently only we want. Okay. So here currently only we want. Okay. So here currently only we have two social sign on but you can add have two social sign on but you can add have two social sign on but you can add more. So that's all and that's how you more. So that's all and that's how you more. So that's all and that's how you have to connect your clerk have to connect your clerk have to connect your clerk authentication. Now whenever users sign authentication. Now whenever users sign authentication. Now whenever users sign in very first time we have to make sure in very first time we have to make sure in very first time we have to make sure that user information will save to our that user information will save to our that user information will save to our database and for that we are going to database and for that we are going to database and for that we are going to simply create a new API endpoint and simply create a new API endpoint and simply create a new API endpoint and inside that we'll create a users or inside that we'll create a users or inside that we'll create a users or first um create a folder called users first um create a folder called users first um create a folder called users and inside that we'll create route dot and inside that we'll create route dot and inside that we'll create route dot tsx file inside this tsx file inside this tsx file inside this simply add export put simply add export put simply add export put a sync function and this will be the a sync function and this will be the a sync function and this will be the post request. So we'll say post and then post request. So we'll say post and then post request. So we'll say post and then request with the type next request. You request with the type next request. You request with the type next request. You have to give the type okay which help us have to give the type okay which help us have to give the type okay which help us to protect uh with not is complete valid to protect uh with not is complete valid to protect uh with not is complete valid data. Okay. And we are using a type data. Okay. And we are using a type data. Okay. And we are using a type script. So it's mandatory to give the script. So it's mandatory to give the script. So it's mandatory to give the type for each of the variable. Then type for each of the variable. Then type for each of the variable. Then inside this inside this inside this we need to get a users login we need to get a users login we need to get a users login information. So here we'll say constant information. So here we'll say constant information. So here we'll say constant user is equal to await and then we'll user is equal to await and then we'll user is equal to await and then we'll say current user. Now this current user say current user. Now this current user say current user. Now this current user we are importing from the clerk neckjs we are importing from the clerk neckjs we are importing from the clerk neckjs server. After that we'll add a try catch server. After that we'll add a try catch server. After that we'll add a try catch block block block with a exception e. And then inside this with a exception e. And then inside this with a exception e. And then inside this oop sorry inside this try block we'll oop sorry inside this try block we'll oop sorry inside this try block we'll simply say constant user. Now first we'll check if user is user. Now first we'll check if user is user. Now first we'll check if user is already exist or not right. So in order already exist or not right. So in order already exist or not right. So in order to do it we need to connect or we need to do it we need to connect or we need to do it we need to connect or we need to call u to the user table in order to to call u to the user table in order to to call u to the user table in order to take check. So we'll say DB. Now make take check. So we'll say DB. Now make take check. So we'll say DB. Now make sure to import this DB reference from sure to import this DB reference from sure to import this DB reference from the um DB table right because we have the um DB table right because we have the um DB table right because we have the drizzle already there and then we'll the drizzle already there and then we'll the drizzle already there and then we'll say dot select here we'll say from and say dot select here we'll say from and say dot select here we'll say from and give the table name so in this case a give the table name so in this case a give the table name so in this case a user table user table user table after this oh this need to be after this oh this need to be after this oh this need to be user table let me see that supposed to user table let me see that supposed to user table let me see that supposed to be from the schema oh that is correct be from the schema oh that is correct be from the schema oh that is correct because this is the TB reference so because this is the TB reference so because this is the TB reference so we'll say users we'll say users we'll say users and it's called users only. And then and it's called users only. And then and it's called users only. And then we'll say we'll say we'll say dot where and then we need to add a dot where and then we need to add a dot where and then we need to add a condition. Okay. So inside that we'll condition. Okay. So inside that we'll condition. Okay. So inside that we'll say equal to say equal to say equal to and then we'll add users and then we'll add users and then we'll add users dot email. dot email. dot email. Somehow this users is not imported. So Somehow this users is not imported. So Somehow this users is not imported. So let me see why. So I will go to the let me see why. So I will go to the let me see why. So I will go to the schema.ts ts file. Oh, the reason is uh schema.ts ts file. Oh, the reason is uh schema.ts ts file. Oh, the reason is uh we already have this constant user. So we already have this constant user. So we already have this constant user. So we'll say user result I will define as we'll say user result I will define as we'll say user result I will define as user result. And now we'll say users dot user result. And now we'll say users dot user result. And now we'll say users dot email. Okay, which matches. So we'll say email. Okay, which matches. So we'll say email. Okay, which matches. So we'll say equal to with the user dot primary email equal to with the user dot primary email equal to with the user dot primary email address dot email address because this address dot email address because this address dot email address because this is the user information we need to u is the user information we need to u is the user information we need to u compare with the table information. compare with the table information. compare with the table information. Okay. And here if it's not there we'll Okay. And here if it's not there we'll Okay. And here if it's not there we'll add empty string otherwise we'll get an add empty string otherwise we'll get an add empty string otherwise we'll get an error. And then once we have the user error. And then once we have the user error. And then once we have the user result here we'll check condition if result here we'll check condition if result here we'll check condition if user result is equal to equal to or user result is equal to equal to or user result is equal to equal to or we'll say user result.length is equal to we'll say user result.length is equal to we'll say user result.length is equal to equal to zero means you we don't have equal to zero means you we don't have equal to zero means you we don't have that user information in the database. that user information in the database. that user information in the database. It means we have to add a new user. So It means we have to add a new user. So It means we have to add a new user. So we'll say new user is equal to await db we'll say new user is equal to await db we'll say new user is equal to await db dot insert and then we'll need to insert dot insert and then we'll need to insert dot insert and then we'll need to insert into a user table dot values and inside into a user table dot values and inside into a user table dot values and inside that we need to add user email. So we'll that we need to add user email. So we'll that we need to add user email. So we'll say user dot primary email address and say user dot primary email address and say user dot primary email address and the user name as well. the user name as well. the user name as well. Okay. So that's how we have to save user Okay. So that's how we have to save user Okay. So that's how we have to save user information. Once you add, make sure to information. Once you add, make sure to information. Once you add, make sure to return u the added record and then at return u the added record and then at return u the added record and then at the end we'll say return next response the end we'll say return next response the end we'll say return next response dot JSON and then you can simply write dot JSON and then you can simply write dot JSON and then you can simply write user to new user of zero. Okay, we have user to new user of zero. Okay, we have user to new user of zero. Okay, we have to add a zero element otherwise. So to add a zero element otherwise. So to add a zero element otherwise. So we'll say else return next response dot JSON. It means return next response dot JSON. It means return next response dot JSON. It means we already have the user information we already have the user information we already have the user information then you can then you can then you can return the uh existing user data like return the uh existing user data like return the uh existing user data like this and then save it. If you are this and then save it. If you are this and then save it. If you are getting any error so we'll say console getting any error so we'll say console getting any error so we'll say console log with a error message and save it. So log with a error message and save it. So log with a error message and save it. So that's how your user API endpoint is now that's how your user API endpoint is now that's how your user API endpoint is now ready. Now once your API endpoint is ready. Now once your API endpoint is ready. Now once your API endpoint is ready now we'll go to the app folder and ready now we'll go to the app folder and ready now we'll go to the app folder and inside the app folder we'll create a new inside the app folder we'll create a new inside the app folder we'll create a new file inside this app root directory. So file inside this app root directory. So file inside this app root directory. So we'll call it as a provider we'll call it as a provider we'll call it as a provider and we'll keep this provider on the and we'll keep this provider on the and we'll keep this provider on the client side. First let's add a default client side. First let's add a default client side. First let's add a default template. Now if if you see right now um template. Now if if you see right now um template. Now if if you see right now um if you want to add default template you if you want to add default template you if you want to add default template you have to uh add it or write it manually. have to uh add it or write it manually. have to uh add it or write it manually. But there is one extension called React But there is one extension called React But there is one extension called React Redux snippet tool. So I will just go Redux snippet tool. So I will just go Redux snippet tool. So I will just go ahead and I will going to install this. ahead and I will going to install this. ahead and I will going to install this. Okay. So we'll say install here. We will Okay. So we'll say install here. We will Okay. So we'll say install here. We will say trust publisher and install. And say trust publisher and install. And say trust publisher and install. And then it will install inside your uh ID. then it will install inside your uh ID. then it will install inside your uh ID. Okay. It help a lot. And I will show you Okay. It help a lot. And I will show you Okay. It help a lot. And I will show you how it actually works. Once it is how it actually works. Once it is how it actually works. Once it is installed, you can simply write a installed, you can simply write a installed, you can simply write a command let's say RFC which stand for command let's say RFC which stand for command let's say RFC which stand for React functional export component. Hit React functional export component. Hit React functional export component. Hit enter and boom you will see the default enter and boom you will see the default enter and boom you will see the default template is ready. Okay. After that I template is ready. Okay. After that I template is ready. Okay. After that I will just rename this to a provider with will just rename this to a provider with will just rename this to a provider with a capital P and then save it. Now inside a capital P and then save it. Now inside a capital P and then save it. Now inside this provider I will render the this provider I will render the this provider I will render the children. Okay. And then we'll provide a children. Okay. And then we'll provide a children. Okay. And then we'll provide a type for this children as well. So if I type for this children as well. So if I type for this children as well. So if I go to the layout.tsx go to the layout.tsx go to the layout.tsx you can copy everything as it is and you can copy everything as it is and you can copy everything as it is and then you can paste it here. then you can paste it here. then you can paste it here. Okay. And inside the provider now you Okay. And inside the provider now you Okay. And inside the provider now you can render the children. Now here you can render the children. Now here you can render the children. Now here you can write a logic and you can keep that can write a logic and you can keep that can write a logic and you can keep that on the client side and we'll keep the on the client side and we'll keep the on the client side and we'll keep the layout on the server side. So this layout on the server side. So this layout on the server side. So this children will wrap inside this provider children will wrap inside this provider children will wrap inside this provider like this. like this. like this. Okay. And now from the layout it will go Okay. And now from the layout it will go Okay. And now from the layout it will go to the provider and inside the provider to the provider and inside the provider to the provider and inside the provider we have the children. And now our we have the children. And now our we have the children. And now our children will get rendered. inside this children will get rendered. inside this children will get rendered. inside this provider as I say in order to make this provider as I say in order to make this provider as I say in order to make this component as a client you need to write component as a client you need to write component as a client you need to write at the top use client and then save it at the top use client and then save it at the top use client and then save it after this you can simply add a methods after this you can simply add a methods after this you can simply add a methods we'll say constant we'll say constant we'll say constant create new user if it's not exist right create new user if it's not exist right create new user if it's not exist right and then inside that we need to call our and then inside that we need to call our and then inside that we need to call our API endpoint now in order to make an API API endpoint now in order to make an API API endpoint now in order to make an API endpoint or HTTP call we'll need one endpoint or HTTP call we'll need one endpoint or HTTP call we'll need one package package called npm i aios. Axios package package called npm i aios. Axios package package called npm i aios. Axios is a http client package in order to is a http client package in order to is a http client package in order to make a get request, post, put request, make a get request, post, put request, make a get request, post, put request, right? So all the crude operation. So right? So all the crude operation. So right? So all the crude operation. So here now we'll say constant result is here now we'll say constant result is here now we'll say constant result is equal to await a xios dot post equal to await a xios dot post equal to await a xios dot post and then inside that we'll define / ai/ and then inside that we'll define / ai/ and then inside that we'll define / ai/ user. So we need to give the user user. So we need to give the user user. So we need to give the user endpoint. So it should be users. Okay. endpoint. So it should be users. Okay. endpoint. So it should be users. Okay. And if you don't have any body you can And if you don't have any body you can And if you don't have any body you can just leave it as a empty as we are using just leave it as a empty as we are using just leave it as a empty as we are using a so we need to mark this um method as a a so we need to mark this um method as a a so we need to mark this um method as a async. async. async. After this we'll get some result. You After this we'll get some result. You After this we'll get some result. You can console this result to verify and can console this result to verify and can console this result to verify and then save it. Now this create new user then save it. Now this create new user then save it. Now this create new user we need to call as soon as we load this we need to call as soon as we load this we need to call as soon as we load this component. component. component. So over here So over here So over here I will paste this create new user and we I will paste this create new user and we I will paste this create new user and we need to make sure it will execute only need to make sure it will execute only need to make sure it will execute only once. So I added this empty string for once. So I added this empty string for once. So I added this empty string for this use effect. Okay. Now right now we this use effect. Okay. Now right now we this use effect. Okay. Now right now we are just consoling. So we'll check are just consoling. So we'll check are just consoling. So we'll check whether our user information is getting whether our user information is getting whether our user information is getting saved or not. So once you save uh we'll saved or not. So once you save uh we'll saved or not. So once you save uh we'll go back to our app and then right now if go back to our app and then right now if go back to our app and then right now if you see it's saying can't resolve you see it's saying can't resolve you see it's saying can't resolve schema. So maybe there is something schema. So maybe there is something schema. So maybe there is something missing. Oh, so inside the dbindex.tsx file. So Oh, so inside the dbindex.tsx file. So Oh, so inside the dbindex.tsx file. So if I go to the if I go to the if I go to the index.tsx file, this file name is ts not index.tsx file, this file name is ts not index.tsx file, this file name is ts not js. Oh, you can just remove the js. Oh, you can just remove the js. Oh, you can just remove the extension. Uh you don't need that. And extension. Uh you don't need that. And extension. Uh you don't need that. And then save it. And right now if I log in, then save it. And right now if I log in, then save it. And right now if I log in, so let's log with some uh any account. so let's log with some uh any account. so let's log with some uh any account. And then once you loging, it will And then once you loging, it will And then once you loging, it will redirect. redirect. redirect. And then inside the console, we'll see And then inside the console, we'll see And then inside the console, we'll see the result. So if I go to the console the result. So if I go to the console the result. So if I go to the console right now uh if you see it giving us an right now uh if you see it giving us an right now uh if you see it giving us an error saying 500 error it means we have error saying 500 error it means we have error saying 500 error it means we have error um on the API side. Now in order error um on the API side. Now in order error um on the API side. Now in order to see this API error you can go to the to see this API error you can go to the to see this API error you can go to the application where application running application where application running application where application running and inside that you can check the error and inside that you can check the error and inside that you can check the error why we are getting this error. So right why we are getting this error. So right why we are getting this error. So right now it's saying the cannot read property now it's saying the cannot read property now it's saying the cannot read property of undefined. Okay for that particular of undefined. Okay for that particular of undefined. Okay for that particular column. So that's where we have some column. So that's where we have some column. So that's where we have some error. So let's see what why we are error. So let's see what why we are error. So let's see what why we are getting this. So I will go to the getting this. So I will go to the getting this. So I will go to the route.tsx file and here route.tsx file and here route.tsx file and here let me import the users and then save let me import the users and then save let me import the users and then save it. So if you see now we are importing it. So if you see now we are importing it. So if you see now we are importing the user from the DB schema. I think the user from the DB schema. I think the user from the DB schema. I think that is the one of the reason it was not that is the one of the reason it was not that is the one of the reason it was not working. But if I refresh this screen working. But if I refresh this screen working. But if I refresh this screen okay so we have a handshake issue again okay so we have a handshake issue again okay so we have a handshake issue again and just refresh it properly. And now if and just refresh it properly. And now if and just refresh it properly. And now if you see we got the result. Okay. Now you see we got the result. Okay. Now you see we got the result. Okay. Now inside the result dot data you will see inside the result dot data you will see inside the result dot data you will see a user information though whichever uh a user information though whichever uh a user information though whichever uh user is sign in right that information user is sign in right that information user is sign in right that information is saved and that is returned. If I go is saved and that is returned. If I go is saved and that is returned. If I go back to the database so you can go to back to the database so you can go to back to the database so you can go to the result studio and you will see that the result studio and you will see that the result studio and you will see that user email id. If I refresh this page user email id. If I refresh this page user email id. If I refresh this page again right it will only return the again right it will only return the again right it will only return the data. It will not insert a new record. data. It will not insert a new record. data. It will not insert a new record. It will only give you the existing It will only give you the existing It will only give you the existing record and that's what we wanted. Now record and that's what we wanted. Now record and that's what we wanted. Now let's say you want to add one more let's say you want to add one more let's say you want to add one more column called credits because inside our column called credits because inside our column called credits because inside our SAS application we want we want to give SAS application we want we want to give SAS application we want we want to give some free credits to the user so that some free credits to the user so that some free credits to the user so that they can test our application. they can test our application. they can test our application. Now the question is how to add that Now the question is how to add that Now the question is how to add that column. Now in order to add that column column. Now in order to add that column column. Now in order to add that column simply go to the schema where we have simply go to the schema where we have simply go to the schema where we have the user table defined and inside that the user table defined and inside that the user table defined and inside that you can simply add let's say credits. you can simply add let's say credits. you can simply add let's say credits. Okay. And then you can add an integer Okay. And then you can add an integer Okay. And then you can add an integer with the column name credits. And then with the column name credits. And then with the column name credits. And then you can add default with the not null. you can add default with the not null. you can add default with the not null. Make sure to import this integer from Make sure to import this integer from Make sure to import this integer from the PG core. Okay. So it should be the PG core. Okay. So it should be the PG core. Okay. So it should be imported. Um right now this ID is a imported. Um right now this ID is a imported. Um right now this ID is a only ID where we are using uh we are not only ID where we are using uh we are not only ID where we are using uh we are not adding any clerk ID. It's auto adding any clerk ID. It's auto adding any clerk ID. It's auto incremental. But uh for the credits you incremental. But uh for the credits you incremental. But uh for the credits you can also provide some default value. can also provide some default value. can also provide some default value. Let's say you want to give default to Let's say you want to give default to Let's say you want to give default to thousand credits and it should be not thousand credits and it should be not thousand credits and it should be not null and then save it. Now once you null and then save it. Now once you null and then save it. Now once you define this obviously you have to push define this obviously you have to push define this obviously you have to push your uh schema file. So I will stop the your uh schema file. So I will stop the your uh schema file. So I will stop the result studio and then I will run result result studio and then I will run result result studio and then I will run result kit push command. So it will push the kit push command. So it will push the kit push command. So it will push the changes and then it will say changes changes and then it will say changes changes and then it will say changes applied and if I refresh it you will see applied and if I refresh it you will see applied and if I refresh it you will see that new column. Let me run the studio that new column. Let me run the studio that new column. Let me run the studio again. So once you make the change you again. So once you make the change you again. So once you make the change you can run the studio. So it will run and can run the studio. So it will run and can run the studio. So it will run and right now if you see the default credit right now if you see the default credit right now if you see the default credit 2,00. So that's how you have to set up 2,00. So that's how you have to set up 2,00. So that's how you have to set up your DB and update the column if your DB and update the column if your DB and update the column if required and also we save the user required and also we save the user required and also we save the user information. Now obviously if I refresh information. Now obviously if I refresh information. Now obviously if I refresh it you also get a credit information in it you also get a credit information in it you also get a credit information in the return. So over here you'll see the the return. So over here you'll see the the return. So over here you'll see the credits. Now obviously throughout the credits. Now obviously throughout the credits. Now obviously throughout the application we don't need to call this application we don't need to call this application we don't need to call this API endpoint or user API endpoint every API endpoint or user API endpoint every API endpoint or user API endpoint every time right so once we call it we want to time right so once we call it we want to time right so once we call it we want to share this information across the share this information across the share this information across the application the question is how and application the question is how and application the question is how and that's where the u use context play very that's where the u use context play very that's where the u use context play very important role use context is the react important role use context is the react important role use context is the react hook which is a state management um hook hook which is a state management um hook hook which is a state management um hook in order to um share your data across a in order to um share your data across a in order to um share your data across a multiple components and it's very easy multiple components and it's very easy multiple components and it's very easy to define so let me show you how so to define so let me show you how so to define so let me show you how so inside the root dire directory we'll inside the root dire directory we'll inside the root dire directory we'll create a new folder called context and create a new folder called context and create a new folder called context and all the context we can keep inside the all the context we can keep inside the all the context we can keep inside the context folder context folder context folder inside that we'll create a user detail inside that we'll create a user detail inside that we'll create a user detail context dot tsx file and then we'll context dot tsx file and then we'll context dot tsx file and then we'll simply add export a sync function oh not simply add export a sync function oh not simply add export a sync function oh not function sorry let me back here we say function sorry let me back here we say function sorry let me back here we say export constant user detail context is export constant user detail context is export constant user detail context is equal to create context make sure this equal to create context make sure this equal to create context make sure this create context you are importing from create context you are importing from create context you are importing from the react and then inside that you can the react and then inside that you can the react and then inside that you can just pass null for now. Okay. And then just pass null for now. Okay. And then just pass null for now. Okay. And then save it. save it. save it. Once the context is created then you can Once the context is created then you can Once the context is created then you can wrap your application inside this wrap your application inside this wrap your application inside this context provider. context provider. context provider. So let me go to this app inside the So let me go to this app inside the So let me go to this app inside the provider.tsx provider.tsx provider.tsx you can wrap we'll say user detail you can wrap we'll say user detail you can wrap we'll say user detail context dotprovider context dotprovider context dotprovider something like this. So what will happen something like this. So what will happen something like this. So what will happen the idea is whatever the value we going the idea is whatever the value we going the idea is whatever the value we going to provide inside this it will share to provide inside this it will share to provide inside this it will share across all the pages and the components across all the pages and the components across all the pages and the components okay throughout the application. Now okay throughout the application. Now okay throughout the application. Now obviously you need to provide some obviously you need to provide some obviously you need to provide some default value. So over here we'll define default value. So over here we'll define default value. So over here we'll define a state called constant a user detail a state called constant a user detail a state called constant a user detail with a use state. Okay. And I will with a use state. Okay. And I will with a use state. Okay. And I will provide a type any for now. provide a type any for now. provide a type any for now. And then whenever you get a result we'll And then whenever you get a result we'll And then whenever you get a result we'll set the user detail with the result dot set the user detail with the result dot set the user detail with the result dot data dot user because that's how we are data dot user because that's how we are data dot user because that's how we are returning the value. And then you can returning the value. And then you can returning the value. And then you can pass this user detail comma set user pass this user detail comma set user pass this user detail comma set user detail detail detail something like this. something like this. something like this. So we have this error. So what we'll do So we have this error. So what we'll do So we have this error. So what we'll do inside the context you can pass a type inside the context you can pass a type inside the context you can pass a type any so that you'll not get that error. any so that you'll not get that error. any so that you'll not get that error. Okay. And then save it. And that's how Okay. And then save it. And that's how Okay. And then save it. And that's how um you can share your user detail um you can share your user detail um you can share your user detail information which you fetch it from the information which you fetch it from the information which you fetch it from the database across the different pages and database across the different pages and database across the different pages and the component. Now one last important the component. Now one last important the component. Now one last important thing I want to show there is a one or thing I want to show there is a one or thing I want to show there is a one or there is lot of different clerk there is lot of different clerk there is lot of different clerk component which you can use it inside component which you can use it inside component which you can use it inside your application and one of them is a your application and one of them is a your application and one of them is a user button. Now at for example let me user button. Now at for example let me user button. Now at for example let me clean this out. So I don't want this clean this out. So I don't want this clean this out. So I don't want this default page. So I will remove it and default page. So I will remove it and default page. So I will remove it and then we'll add simple div and inside then we'll add simple div and inside then we'll add simple div and inside this div we'll add a user button. Now this div we'll add a user button. Now this div we'll add a user button. Now this user button if you see it's this user button if you see it's this user button if you see it's importing from the clerk neckj. If I importing from the clerk neckj. If I importing from the clerk neckj. If I save this and go back to our app you save this and go back to our app you save this and go back to our app you will see this button at the corner. Now will see this button at the corner. Now will see this button at the corner. Now if I click on it you'll see this if I click on it you'll see this if I click on it you'll see this beautiful drop-down which is added by beautiful drop-down which is added by beautiful drop-down which is added by the clerk UI component directly and here the clerk UI component directly and here the clerk UI component directly and here you have option to manage your account you have option to manage your account you have option to manage your account with all the setting. Okay. But a lot with all the setting. Okay. But a lot with all the setting. Okay. But a lot similar to this they clerk also provide similar to this they clerk also provide similar to this they clerk also provide a lot of different component which you a lot of different component which you a lot of different component which you can explore on the clerk documentation. can explore on the clerk documentation. can explore on the clerk documentation. But for now make sure your um project But for now make sure your um project But for now make sure your um project along with the authentication and along with the authentication and along with the authentication and database is set up. database is set up. database is set up. Now after this we are going to push all Now after this we are going to push all Now after this we are going to push all our code to the GitHub so that uh our code to the GitHub so that uh our code to the GitHub so that uh throughout the project we are going to throughout the project we are going to throughout the project we are going to create a separate branch for the new uh create a separate branch for the new uh create a separate branch for the new uh chapter and then we are going to create chapter and then we are going to create chapter and then we are going to create a pull request with the help of plan.dev a pull request with the help of plan.dev a pull request with the help of plan.dev we are going to review our code using an we are going to review our code using an we are going to review our code using an AI. Plano.dev is a tool which I recently AI. Plano.dev is a tool which I recently AI. Plano.dev is a tool which I recently developed which help us to turn your any developed which help us to turn your any developed which help us to turn your any project idea into an executable task. project idea into an executable task. project idea into an executable task. Simply enter your idea and then it will Simply enter your idea and then it will Simply enter your idea and then it will generate a proper structural u project generate a proper structural u project generate a proper structural u project task for you. You can simply copy the task for you. You can simply copy the task for you. You can simply copy the prompt and paste it inside your favorite prompt and paste it inside your favorite prompt and paste it inside your favorite ID. Not only that but planark also ID. Not only that but planark also ID. Not only that but planark also provide a feature to review your any provide a feature to review your any provide a feature to review your any pull request or code using the plan arc pull request or code using the plan arc pull request or code using the plan arc and that's what we are going to and that's what we are going to and that's what we are going to integrate. It's free to use. So simply integrate. It's free to use. So simply integrate. It's free to use. So simply click the link in the description to click the link in the description to click the link in the description to join the plan. Then once you uh sign in join the plan. Then once you uh sign in join the plan. Then once you uh sign in or sign up with the planer you will jump or sign up with the planer you will jump or sign up with the planer you will jump onto the dashboard. On the left hand onto the dashboard. On the left hand onto the dashboard. On the left hand side you will see all the uh option like side you will see all the uh option like side you will see all the uh option like you can u explore your existing project you can u explore your existing project you can u explore your existing project or if you want to add a new project or if you want to add a new project or if you want to add a new project enter your plan idea then it will enter your plan idea then it will enter your plan idea then it will automatically um get you the all the automatically um get you the all the automatically um get you the all the text tag. You have option to select the text tag. You have option to select the text tag. You have option to select the text tag then it will generate the text tag then it will generate the text tag then it will generate the features um and then it will generate an features um and then it will generate an features um and then it will generate an executable plan for you. Pretty cool, executable plan for you. Pretty cool, executable plan for you. Pretty cool, right? And also is free to use. You can right? And also is free to use. You can right? And also is free to use. You can connect your GitHub repo so that you can connect your GitHub repo so that you can connect your GitHub repo so that you can enhance your existing project as well. enhance your existing project as well. enhance your existing project as well. But right now in this project, we are But right now in this project, we are But right now in this project, we are dealing with the code review because we dealing with the code review because we dealing with the code review because we want to connect our um GitHub project to want to connect our um GitHub project to want to connect our um GitHub project to this plan so that it will automatically this plan so that it will automatically this plan so that it will automatically review our code. But before that, let's review our code. But before that, let's review our code. But before that, let's go back to the github.com and inside go back to the github.com and inside go back to the github.com and inside that we'll create a new repo. We'll give that we'll create a new repo. We'll give that we'll create a new repo. We'll give the repo name AI the repo name AI the repo name AI testing automation agent. Then I will simply automation agent. Then I will simply automation agent. Then I will simply click create repo. click create repo. click create repo. Then set the remote origin. So I will go Then set the remote origin. So I will go Then set the remote origin. So I will go back and inside the back and inside the back and inside the our ID we'll initialize the G. Then our ID we'll initialize the G. Then our ID we'll initialize the G. Then we'll set the remote origin. Go to the we'll set the remote origin. Go to the we'll set the remote origin. Go to the source control over here. And then over source control over here. And then over source control over here. And then over here we'll stage all of these change and here we'll stage all of these change and here we'll stage all of these change and we'll give the commit message. we'll give the commit message. we'll give the commit message. Then simply say commit and then publish Then simply say commit and then publish Then simply say commit and then publish your branch as you are pushing it very your branch as you are pushing it very your branch as you are pushing it very first time. So you can directly publish first time. So you can directly publish first time. So you can directly publish to the main branch and then you will see to the main branch and then you will see to the main branch and then you will see all your code it just now pushed. Okay. all your code it just now pushed. Okay. all your code it just now pushed. Okay. Now simply once your GitHub repo has all Now simply once your GitHub repo has all Now simply once your GitHub repo has all the code you can go to the plan arc and the code you can go to the plan arc and the code you can go to the plan arc and then you have option to install this then you have option to install this then you have option to install this plan. on inside your GitHub app and then plan. on inside your GitHub app and then plan. on inside your GitHub app and then once it is installed you can simply add once it is installed you can simply add once it is installed you can simply add a new repo. If your GitHub is not a new repo. If your GitHub is not a new repo. If your GitHub is not authenticated first time so you have to authenticated first time so you have to authenticated first time so you have to authenticate and then I will add the authenticate and then I will add the authenticate and then I will add the repo. Then over here you either you can repo. Then over here you either you can repo. Then over here you either you can give all repo access or you can give the give all repo access or you can give the give all repo access or you can give the access to the specific repo. So in my access to the specific repo. So in my access to the specific repo. So in my case we'll say AI testing automation and case we'll say AI testing automation and case we'll say AI testing automation and if you see that repo is there. Now click if you see that repo is there. Now click if you see that repo is there. Now click save save save and then you'll jump back to this page and then you'll jump back to this page and then you'll jump back to this page and you will see your repo is now and you will see your repo is now and you will see your repo is now connected. Okay. Now currently it is connected. Okay. Now currently it is connected. Okay. Now currently it is disabled but you can enable it and once disabled but you can enable it and once disabled but you can enable it and once it is enabled now going forward whenever it is enabled now going forward whenever it is enabled now going forward whenever you create a new pull request it will you create a new pull request it will you create a new pull request it will automatically review with the help of automatically review with the help of automatically review with the help of plan arc. Okay. So AI will start plan arc. Okay. So AI will start plan arc. Okay. So AI will start reviewing that also. Over here you have reviewing that also. Over here you have reviewing that also. Over here you have setting option. You can either run this setting option. You can either run this setting option. You can either run this PR manually or you can run it PR manually or you can run it PR manually or you can run it automatically. You can change this. automatically. You can change this. automatically. You can change this. Also, we have a few setting which you Also, we have a few setting which you Also, we have a few setting which you can update any time. can update any time. can update any time. Once you have the PR ready, you can just Once you have the PR ready, you can just Once you have the PR ready, you can just expand that and you will see all the PR expand that and you will see all the PR expand that and you will see all the PR reviews and all the details uh properly. reviews and all the details uh properly. reviews and all the details uh properly. Okay, I will show you once we have the Okay, I will show you once we have the Okay, I will show you once we have the PR raise. But right now uh hopefully uh PR raise. But right now uh hopefully uh PR raise. But right now uh hopefully uh you you connect this your GitHub repo to you you connect this your GitHub repo to you you connect this your GitHub repo to the plan arc so that going forward we the plan arc so that going forward we the plan arc so that going forward we can create a pull request and AI will can create a pull request and AI will can create a pull request and AI will review our code. Now first thing in our workflow we need Now first thing in our workflow we need Now first thing in our workflow we need to implement the workspace layout. to implement the workspace layout. to implement the workspace layout. Inside the workspace layout we have the Inside the workspace layout we have the Inside the workspace layout we have the header option to connect to the uh header option to connect to the uh header option to connect to the uh GitHub repo. So once you connect the GitHub repo. So once you connect the GitHub repo. So once you connect the GitHub repo then we want to show the GitHub repo then we want to show the GitHub repo then we want to show the that listed uh repo which you added and that listed uh repo which you added and that listed uh repo which you added and if it's not there obviously we need to if it's not there obviously we need to if it's not there obviously we need to show some empty state. So in this show some empty state. So in this show some empty state. So in this chapter we'll focus on implementing the chapter we'll focus on implementing the chapter we'll focus on implementing the workspace layout. So let's go back to workspace layout. So let's go back to workspace layout. So let's go back to our application and first thing we'll our application and first thing we'll our application and first thing we'll create a new route called workspace. So create a new route called workspace. So create a new route called workspace. So inside the app folder we'll create a inside the app folder we'll create a inside the app folder we'll create a workspace as a new route. And inside workspace as a new route. And inside workspace as a new route. And inside that we'll create a page.tsx that we'll create a page.tsx that we'll create a page.tsx file. Okay. And inside that we'll add a file. Okay. And inside that we'll add a file. Okay. And inside that we'll add a default template. We'll name it as a default template. We'll name it as a default template. We'll name it as a workspace. Now as this workspace or any workspace. Now as this workspace or any workspace. Now as this workspace or any other route which come under the other route which come under the other route which come under the workspace will be the protected one. workspace will be the protected one. workspace will be the protected one. Okay. So it means uh only authenticated Okay. So it means uh only authenticated Okay. So it means uh only authenticated user can access it. You can add it user can access it. You can add it user can access it. You can add it workspace its own layout. So you can add workspace its own layout. So you can add workspace its own layout. So you can add that. So we'll say layout tsx file and that. So we'll say layout tsx file and that. So we'll say layout tsx file and then add a default template and we'll then add a default template and we'll then add a default template and we'll name it as a workspace layout. Okay. And name it as a workspace layout. Okay. And name it as a workspace layout. Okay. And then save it. Now inside that we are then save it. Now inside that we are then save it. Now inside that we are going to add a children and we are going going to add a children and we are going going to add a children and we are going to route all the workspace route through to route all the workspace route through to route all the workspace route through this children something like this and this children something like this and this children something like this and then save it. So obviously on the screen then save it. So obviously on the screen then save it. So obviously on the screen if I go back to new route called if I go back to new route called if I go back to new route called workspace workspace workspace you can access that route. Okay. But in you can access that route. Okay. But in you can access that route. Okay. But in order to protect from unauthorized user order to protect from unauthorized user order to protect from unauthorized user you have to go to the middleware and you have to go to the middleware and you have to go to the middleware and inside the middleware you have to inside the middleware you have to inside the middleware you have to protect that route. So inside the clerk protect that route. So inside the clerk protect that route. So inside the clerk documentation you will see how this documentation you will see how this documentation you will see how this clerk middleware uh will use to protect clerk middleware uh will use to protect clerk middleware uh will use to protect the route. Right? Uh if you scroll down the route. Right? Uh if you scroll down the route. Right? Uh if you scroll down this is the protect routes uh example this is the protect routes uh example this is the protect routes uh example that you can simply copy as it is and that you can simply copy as it is and that you can simply copy as it is and then you can paste it inside the then you can paste it inside the then you can paste it inside the middleware. Now if you see this is the middleware. Now if you see this is the middleware. Now if you see this is the protected route it means the dashboard protected route it means the dashboard protected route it means the dashboard or other things right. So in our case I or other things right. So in our case I or other things right. So in our case I will replace this with a workspace and will replace this with a workspace and will replace this with a workspace and all the workspace routes is protected all the workspace routes is protected all the workspace routes is protected and we already have the condition to and we already have the condition to and we already have the condition to protect that route. Now once you save protect that route. Now once you save protect that route. Now once you save and if user is not login then user has and if user is not login then user has and if user is not login then user has to uh login first then it automatically to uh login first then it automatically to uh login first then it automatically redirected to signin page and once user redirected to signin page and once user redirected to signin page and once user sign in or sign up then only he can see sign in or sign up then only he can see sign in or sign up then only he can see the workspace route. Now let's add a the workspace route. Now let's add a the workspace route. Now let's add a header at the top. So header at the top. So header at the top. So we'll create a new component. So we have we'll create a new component. So we have we'll create a new component. So we have the component folder and inside that I the component folder and inside that I the component folder and inside that I will create a custom component as a new will create a custom component as a new will create a custom component as a new folder. Inside this custom component, folder. Inside this custom component, folder. Inside this custom component, we'll add a new file called workspace we'll add a new file called workspace we'll add a new file called workspace header.tsx. header.tsx. header.tsx. Then add a default template and then Then add a default template and then Then add a default template and then save it. Once you add this workspace save it. Once you add this workspace save it. Once you add this workspace header, you can import that inside your header, you can import that inside your header, you can import that inside your layout file just above this children. So layout file just above this children. So layout file just above this children. So we'll say we'll say we'll say workspace header and then save it. And workspace header and then save it. And workspace header and then save it. And after adding you will see the workspace after adding you will see the workspace after adding you will see the workspace header text showing. Now let's go to the header text showing. Now let's go to the header text showing. Now let's go to the workspace header and on the left we want workspace header and on the left we want workspace header and on the left we want a logo. a logo. a logo. So I will say logo. After that in the So I will say logo. After that in the So I will say logo. After that in the middle we want a op menu options. So middle we want a op menu options. So middle we want a op menu options. So here we will say menu options. here we will say menu options. here we will say menu options. And on the right we want a user button. And on the right we want a user button. And on the right we want a user button. Okay. Now in order to add a logo you can Okay. Now in order to add a logo you can Okay. Now in order to add a logo you can simply add your own logo if you have or simply add your own logo if you have or simply add your own logo if you have or you can for the logo placeholder I will you can for the logo placeholder I will you can for the logo placeholder I will go to this logopm.com go to this logopm.com go to this logopm.com and you can find whichever logo you and you can find whichever logo you and you can find whichever logo you want. Let's copy one of the logo then want. Let's copy one of the logo then want. Let's copy one of the logo then we'll go back to our app and inside the we'll go back to our app and inside the we'll go back to our app and inside the public folder. So I will go to this app public folder. So I will go to this app public folder. So I will go to this app and if you don't have public folder and if you don't have public folder and if you don't have public folder don't worry uh just add public and then don't worry uh just add public and then don't worry uh just add public and then we'll create a logo dotpng file and we'll create a logo dotpng file and we'll create a logo dotpng file and inside that inside that inside that you can paste the SVG which you copy for you can paste the SVG which you copy for you can paste the SVG which you copy for the logo. Okay once you add it then the logo. Okay once you add it then the logo. Okay once you add it then inside the workspace header you can inside the workspace header you can inside the workspace header you can inside add that inside the image tag. inside add that inside the image tag. inside add that inside the image tag. Make sure to import this image tag from Make sure to import this image tag from Make sure to import this image tag from the next / image. Then the source and the next / image. Then the source and the next / image. Then the source and then inside this we'll say logo.png. then inside this we'll say logo.png. then inside this we'll say logo.png. Then inside the alt add a logo and then Then inside the alt add a logo and then Then inside the alt add a logo and then we'll say width and height. we'll say width and height. we'll say width and height. If I give width and height 100. So right If I give width and height 100. So right If I give width and height 100. So right now if you see uh logo is not showing now if you see uh logo is not showing now if you see uh logo is not showing because it's supposed to be a SVG file. because it's supposed to be a SVG file. because it's supposed to be a SVG file. And I will rename this to SVG only. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. And now if I refresh you will see that And now if I refresh you will see that And now if I refresh you will see that logo. Now obviously you need to change logo. Now obviously you need to change logo. Now obviously you need to change the width and height. So if I make it bigger I think this is So if I make it bigger I think this is So if I make it bigger I think this is pretty good. After that we need to add a pretty good. After that we need to add a pretty good. After that we need to add a center menu option. So I will add a ul center menu option. So I will add a ul center menu option. So I will add a ul tag and inside that we'll add la tag. tag and inside that we'll add la tag. tag and inside that we'll add la tag. Here we'll say workspace. Here we'll say workspace. Here we'll say workspace. Then the another uh option is add Then the another uh option is add Then the another uh option is add pricing pricing pricing and then support. and then support. and then support. Now for the ul add a class name. We'll Now for the ul add a class name. We'll Now for the ul add a class name. We'll make it flex. Then we'll make make it flex. Then we'll make make it flex. Then we'll make gap to five. Okay. So it will be in one gap to five. Okay. So it will be in one gap to five. Okay. So it will be in one line. Then you can mark the text as a line. Then you can mark the text as a line. Then you can mark the text as a excel little bit bigger. excel little bit bigger. excel little bit bigger. Oh, I don't know how I change this one. Oh, I don't know how I change this one. Oh, I don't know how I change this one. uh this need to be at 200. Let's make it uh this need to be at 200. Let's make it uh this need to be at 200. Let's make it 200. 200. 200. And we want in the same line, right? And we want in the same line, right? And we want in the same line, right? We'll add it add that in in some time. We'll add it add that in in some time. We'll add it add that in in some time. And below that we'll add a user button. And below that we'll add a user button. And below that we'll add a user button. Perfect. Right. So now we let's bring Perfect. Right. So now we let's bring Perfect. Right. So now we let's bring everything in one line. So for this do everything in one line. So for this do everything in one line. So for this do we'll mark class name as a flex item or we'll mark class name as a flex item or we'll mark class name as a flex item or maybe we can say justify or let's make maybe we can say justify or let's make maybe we can say justify or let's make it flex first and then we'll say with it flex first and then we'll say with it flex first and then we'll say with full then we'll add a justify between and then we'll add a justify between and then we'll add a justify between and let's add a padding to four. Okay. Now let's add a padding to four. Okay. Now let's add a padding to four. Okay. Now sometimes when you write the tailwind sometimes when you write the tailwind sometimes when you write the tailwind CSS classes you might get not you will CSS classes you might get not you will CSS classes you might get not you will not get some suggestion. Right now in not get some suggestion. Right now in not get some suggestion. Right now in order to get those uh suggestion from order to get those uh suggestion from order to get those uh suggestion from the Telvin CSS classes you have to add the Telvin CSS classes you have to add the Telvin CSS classes you have to add one extension uh inside your VS code or one extension uh inside your VS code or one extension uh inside your VS code or Google anti which is tailwind CSS Google anti which is tailwind CSS Google anti which is tailwind CSS snippet tool. So simply install this snippet tool. So simply install this snippet tool. So simply install this extension which is quite popular extension which is quite popular extension which is quite popular extension and once you install it then extension and once you install it then extension and once you install it then when you write it you'll get the when you write it you'll get the when you write it you'll get the suggestions and right now if you see we suggestions and right now if you see we suggestions and right now if you see we have the logo and then the menu option have the logo and then the menu option have the logo and then the menu option and the user button as well. Now and the user button as well. Now and the user button as well. Now whenever I hover on any of these option whenever I hover on any of these option whenever I hover on any of these option you can uh change the color. Okay. So you can uh change the color. Okay. So you can uh change the color. Okay. So let's say uh on hover we want to change let's say uh on hover we want to change let's say uh on hover we want to change the color to the color to the color to green green green and if I hover you'll see the color is and if I hover you'll see the color is and if I hover you'll see the color is now changed to green. Okay, it's totally now changed to green. Okay, it's totally now changed to green. Okay, it's totally up to you which color you want to show. up to you which color you want to show. up to you which color you want to show. If you want to show a blue color you can If you want to show a blue color you can If you want to show a blue color you can just search blue something like this. just search blue something like this. just search blue something like this. And now it turned to blue. Okay. Now And now it turned to blue. Okay. Now And now it turned to blue. Okay. Now also we have to make sure we'll change also we have to make sure we'll change also we have to make sure we'll change the pointer to cursor pointer. So you the pointer to cursor pointer. So you the pointer to cursor pointer. So you will see the pointer is also now will see the pointer is also now will see the pointer is also now changed. You can copy this for all of changed. You can copy this for all of changed. You can copy this for all of them. So whenever you hover on any of them. So whenever you hover on any of them. So whenever you hover on any of these option you will see that color is these option you will see that color is these option you will see that color is now changed. So user will see okay it now changed. So user will see okay it now changed. So user will see okay it look like a selected one. So that's how look like a selected one. So that's how look like a selected one. So that's how our header is now completed. Now let's our header is now completed. Now let's our header is now completed. Now let's add a workspace add a workspace add a workspace layout or bottom section. So for that layout or bottom section. So for that layout or bottom section. So for that one one one I'm going to simply create another I'm going to simply create another I'm going to simply create another option here. We will say workspace option here. We will say workspace option here. We will say workspace um body.tsx um body.tsx um body.tsx let's add a default template for that let's add a default template for that let's add a default template for that and then save it. Then that particular and then save it. Then that particular and then save it. Then that particular workspace body you need to add inside workspace body you need to add inside workspace body you need to add inside your workspace page. So I will go to the your workspace page. So I will go to the your workspace page. So I will go to the workspace and inside the page.tsx we'll workspace and inside the page.tsx we'll workspace and inside the page.tsx we'll add workspace body and save it. So we'll add workspace body and save it. So we'll add workspace body and save it. So we'll make sure it display. Perfect. make sure it display. Perfect. make sure it display. Perfect. Now after this we are going to add some Now after this we are going to add some Now after this we are going to add some u margin. Okay. Now what we'll do u margin. Okay. Now what we'll do u margin. Okay. Now what we'll do obviously it's very difficult to switch obviously it's very difficult to switch obviously it's very difficult to switch between the uh different different u between the uh different different u between the uh different different u browser and tab. So we can I can explain browser and tab. So we can I can explain browser and tab. So we can I can explain like this. It's much better. So over like this. It's much better. So over like this. It's much better. So over here we'll add a class name. We'll say here we'll add a class name. We'll say here we'll add a class name. We'll say margin x2 at margin x2 at margin x2 at maximum width to let's say 4 excel. maximum width to let's say 4 excel. maximum width to let's say 4 excel. Okay. And save it. So on the smaller Okay. And save it. So on the smaller Okay. And save it. So on the smaller screen obviously this will look smaller screen obviously this will look smaller screen obviously this will look smaller only but here we'll add a padding to 10 only but here we'll add a padding to 10 only but here we'll add a padding to 10 and when I increase the screen size you and when I increase the screen size you and when I increase the screen size you will see now this workspace body will will see now this workspace body will will see now this workspace body will start from here okay it's totally up to start from here okay it's totally up to start from here okay it's totally up to you uh how much maximum width you need you uh how much maximum width you need you uh how much maximum width you need to give and based on the bigger screen to give and based on the bigger screen to give and based on the bigger screen size it will automatically update it for size it will automatically update it for size it will automatically update it for you as well okay now inside the you as well okay now inside the you as well okay now inside the workspace body so let's go to this workspace body so let's go to this workspace body so let's go to this component and Here component and Here component and Here we'll add a H2 tag. Then inside this we'll add a H2 tag. Then inside this we'll add a H2 tag. Then inside this we'll say workspace as a big text. So we'll say workspace as a big text. So we'll say workspace as a big text. So we'll add a class name. We'll say text we'll add a class name. We'll say text we'll add a class name. We'll say text to 2 Excel font medium and then save it to 2 Excel font medium and then save it to 2 Excel font medium and then save it or make it 4 XL little bit bigger or make it 4 XL little bit bigger or make it 4 XL little bit bigger and then just write to it. We want to and then just write to it. We want to and then just write to it. We want to show a credit option. So we already have show a credit option. So we already have show a credit option. So we already have the credit information, right? So let's the credit information, right? So let's the credit information, right? So let's wrap this inside the due and over here we'll add another S2 tag and over here we'll add another S2 tag and over here we'll add another S2 tag and here we'll say remaining credits and here we'll say remaining credits and here we'll say remaining credits and we want to show a user actual and we want to show a user actual and we want to show a user actual credit. Now in order to get a user credit. Now in order to get a user credit. Now in order to get a user detail so here we already have the user detail so here we already have the user detail so here we already have the user detail inside the context. So we'll say detail inside the context. So we'll say detail inside the context. So we'll say user detail is equal to use context user detail is equal to use context user detail is equal to use context and then we'll say user detail context. and then we'll say user detail context. and then we'll say user detail context. Now once you use this react hook we have Now once you use this react hook we have Now once you use this react hook we have to mark this component on the client to mark this component on the client to mark this component on the client side because any react hook we have to side because any react hook we have to side because any react hook we have to set the component on the client side and set the component on the client side and set the component on the client side and once you the context you have to provide once you the context you have to provide once you the context you have to provide a context name and you have to a context name and you have to a context name and you have to dstructurize the parameter which you dstructurize the parameter which you dstructurize the parameter which you pass. And now we have the user detail pass. And now we have the user detail pass. And now we have the user detail over here. We'll say user detail dot over here. We'll say user detail dot over here. We'll say user detail dot credits. And then you will see the credits. And then you will see the credits. And then you will see the credits. Perfect. Right now we want that credits. Perfect. Right now we want that credits. Perfect. Right now we want that on the right side. So for this due we'll on the right side. So for this due we'll on the right side. So for this due we'll make it flex. And then we'll make make it flex. And then we'll make make it flex. And then we'll make justify between and vertically to be a justify between and vertically to be a justify between and vertically to be a center. We'll say item to be in the center. We'll say item to be in the center. We'll say item to be in the center. center. center. Then Then Then over here we'll add a class name and over here we'll add a class name and over here we'll add a class name and we'll say a text we'll say a text we'll say a text blue 700 or let's make it 800. blue 700 or let's make it 800. blue 700 or let's make it 800. And then we want a background to be text And then we want a background to be text And then we want a background to be text blue light background. Something like blue light background. Something like blue light background. Something like this. this. this. Oh, this need to be a background. Oh, this need to be a background. Oh, this need to be a background. Or let's make it little bit lighter. So Or let's make it little bit lighter. So Or let's make it little bit lighter. So over here over here over here we'll say 100 we'll say 100 we'll say 100 and we'll give padding x to two and and we'll give padding x to two and and we'll give padding x to two and round it to let's say large. round it to let's say large. round it to let's say large. Okay. So that's how our credit will Okay. So that's how our credit will Okay. So that's how our credit will look. Perfect. look. Perfect. look. Perfect. Uh I think we have give the item to be Uh I think we have give the item to be Uh I think we have give the item to be in the center. Okay. It is in center in the center. Okay. It is in center in the center. Okay. It is in center hopefully. hopefully. hopefully. And I think that's all uh about this And I think that's all uh about this And I think that's all uh about this workspace thing. Now below that if you workspace thing. Now below that if you workspace thing. Now below that if you carefully observe we want to give an carefully observe we want to give an carefully observe we want to give an option to add a repo. So below this option to add a repo. So below this option to add a repo. So below this we'll add a div. Now I want to show a we'll add a div. Now I want to show a we'll add a div. Now I want to show a GitHub icon right similar like uh shown GitHub icon right similar like uh shown GitHub icon right similar like uh shown inside this mockup. So you can download inside this mockup. So you can download inside this mockup. So you can download this icon from anywhere. Uh currently this icon from anywhere. Uh currently this icon from anywhere. Uh currently obviously we are using a Lucid icon but obviously we are using a Lucid icon but obviously we are using a Lucid icon but Lucid did not provide this icon for us. Lucid did not provide this icon for us. Lucid did not provide this icon for us. So basically you have to add it from any So basically you have to add it from any So basically you have to add it from any free icon uh website for in for example free icon uh website for in for example free icon uh website for in for example in this case I'm using this flat icon in this case I'm using this flat icon in this case I'm using this flat icon and just search the icon which you are and just search the icon which you are and just search the icon which you are looking for. So in this case we'll say looking for. So in this case we'll say looking for. So in this case we'll say GitHub. Simply download it. It's GitHub. Simply download it. It's GitHub. Simply download it. It's completely free. And once you download completely free. And once you download completely free. And once you download it it it then then then I will copy this I will copy this I will copy this and we'll put inside our public folder. and we'll put inside our public folder. and we'll put inside our public folder. So I will keep this app open and then So I will keep this app open and then So I will keep this app open and then we'll go to the public folder and then paste it. and then paste it. and then paste it. Now once you add that inside this we'll Now once you add that inside this we'll Now once you add that inside this we'll say image say image say image from the next slash image from the next slash image from the next slash image and inside this we'll say source and then we'll add a github and then we'll add a github and then we'll add a github dotpng dotpng dotpng then inside the al tag we'll say is then inside the al tag we'll say is then inside the al tag we'll say is equal to equal to equal to github github github And we'll say width to be to be to be 200. 200. 200. Height to be 200. I think that's all we needed. I don't I think that's all we needed. I don't I think that's all we needed. I don't know why we have this error. Oh, we forgot to import this image from Oh, we forgot to import this image from Oh, we forgot to import this image from the next / image and then save it. So the next / image and then save it. So the next / image and then save it. So here you will see the GitHub icon. It's here you will see the GitHub icon. It's here you will see the GitHub icon. It's too big. So we'll make this too big. So we'll make this too big. So we'll make this 40. 40. 40. And here as well 40. After this u I will And here as well 40. After this u I will And here as well 40. After this u I will add a class name with the margin top to margin margin margin top to five. Save this one. top to five. Save this one. top to five. Save this one. And similar like our eraser doc if you And similar like our eraser doc if you And similar like our eraser doc if you see this option after this we need to see this option after this we need to see this option after this we need to add this text. add this text. add this text. So we'll say s2 tag and we'll say So we'll say s2 tag and we'll say So we'll say s2 tag and we'll say connect connect connect github and add repo repository. github and add repo repository. github and add repo repository. Then we'll add a class name Then we'll add a class name Then we'll add a class name as a text large and then save it. Now after implementing the workspace Now after implementing the workspace Now after implementing the workspace layout now it's time to connect our app layout now it's time to connect our app layout now it's time to connect our app with the users GitHub repo. Once user with the users GitHub repo. Once user with the users GitHub repo. Once user click on the uh install or connect the click on the uh install or connect the click on the uh install or connect the repo then it will simply navigate uh to repo then it will simply navigate uh to repo then it will simply navigate uh to the GitHub to give authorization and the GitHub to give authorization and the GitHub to give authorization and then we will save the access token. So then we will save the access token. So then we will save the access token. So that that access token we going to use that that access token we going to use that that access token we going to use it to fetch all the repo. Okay. So in it to fetch all the repo. Okay. So in it to fetch all the repo. Okay. So in order to implement it uh from the GitHub order to implement it uh from the GitHub order to implement it uh from the GitHub documentation we need to make a call to documentation we need to make a call to documentation we need to make a call to authorize the user and then we'll get authorize the user and then we'll get authorize the user and then we'll get the access token as well. Okay. So it's the access token as well. Okay. So it's the access token as well. Okay. So it's very easy. So we'll implement it step by very easy. So we'll implement it step by very easy. So we'll implement it step by step. First we'll request a user for a step. First we'll request a user for a step. First we'll request a user for a GitHub identity. So this is the API GitHub identity. So this is the API GitHub identity. So this is the API endpoint for that. So first thing we'll endpoint for that. So first thing we'll endpoint for that. So first thing we'll go back to our application and inside go back to our application and inside go back to our application and inside the API we'll create a new uh endpoint. the API we'll create a new uh endpoint. the API we'll create a new uh endpoint. So here we'll call it as a GitHub So here we'll call it as a GitHub So here we'll call it as a GitHub and inside the GitHub we'll say route. and inside the GitHub we'll say route. and inside the GitHub we'll say route. TS5. TS5. TS5. Now in that we'll say export Now in that we'll say export Now in that we'll say export a sync a sync a sync function and this is the get request. So function and this is the get request. So function and this is the get request. So if you see this is the get request if you see this is the get request if you see this is the get request right? So we have to call it get. right? So we have to call it get. right? So we have to call it get. We don't need any parameter. But inside We don't need any parameter. But inside We don't need any parameter. But inside that first we'll define a params that first we'll define a params that first we'll define a params is equal to new URL is equal to new URL is equal to new URL search search search params and then params and then params and then we'll add some of the variable. Let's we'll add some of the variable. Let's we'll add some of the variable. Let's say client ID. Okay. So we'll say client say client ID. Okay. So we'll say client say client ID. Okay. So we'll say client ID and these all the variable is already ID and these all the variable is already ID and these all the variable is already mentioned here. So all of these you have mentioned here. So all of these you have mentioned here. So all of these you have to add one by one which is required. So to add one by one which is required. So to add one by one which is required. So client I oh sorry the client ID and then client I oh sorry the client ID and then client I oh sorry the client ID and then we'll get the client ID from the we'll get the client ID from the we'll get the client ID from the environment variable. So we say process environment variable. So we say process environment variable. So we say process dot environment dot GitHub client ID. dot environment dot GitHub client ID. dot environment dot GitHub client ID. Okay. Same way we have to add the Okay. Same way we have to add the Okay. Same way we have to add the redirect URL. So you can go over here redirect URL. So you can go over here redirect URL. So you can go over here and this redirect URL um parameter we and this redirect URL um parameter we and this redirect URL um parameter we need to add need to add need to add and we'll say process dot environment and we'll say process dot environment and we'll say process dot environment redirect URL. Now it is very important redirect URL. Now it is very important redirect URL. Now it is very important to add a scope. So if you see this scope to add a scope. So if you see this scope to add a scope. So if you see this scope is important in order to fetch the data. is important in order to fetch the data. is important in order to fetch the data. Now these some of the parameter is Now these some of the parameter is Now these some of the parameter is optional. So you don't need to add it. optional. So you don't need to add it. optional. So you don't need to add it. Okay. The state con challenge is a Okay. The state con challenge is a Okay. The state con challenge is a recommended but again it's an optional recommended but again it's an optional recommended but again it's an optional so you don't need to add anything but so you don't need to add anything but so you don't need to add anything but scope is a mandatory so we'll add a scope is a mandatory so we'll add a scope is a mandatory so we'll add a scope so that you will get an access so scope so that you will get an access so scope so that you will get an access so here we'll say repo here we'll say repo here we'll say repo read user okay because we just want a read user okay because we just want a read user okay because we just want a read per permission from the um users read per permission from the um users read per permission from the um users GitHub repo once you add that then we'll GitHub repo once you add that then we'll GitHub repo once you add that then we'll say redirect say redirect say redirect and we want to redirect user to that and we want to redirect user to that and we want to redirect user to that particular authentication URL particular authentication URL particular authentication URL So copy that and simply paste it here. So copy that and simply paste it here. So copy that and simply paste it here. And then in the query parameter I will And then in the query parameter I will And then in the query parameter I will provide dollar provide dollar provide dollar params. That's all params. That's all params. That's all here. Make sure to import this redirect here. Make sure to import this redirect here. Make sure to import this redirect from the next /navigation. from the next /navigation. from the next /navigation. So not from this we need to import it So not from this we need to import it So not from this we need to import it from the next /navigation and then save from the next /navigation and then save from the next /navigation and then save it. Now this particular API endpoint we it. Now this particular API endpoint we it. Now this particular API endpoint we need to call inside our install button. need to call inside our install button. need to call inside our install button. So I will go to this workspace body and So I will go to this workspace body and So I will go to this workspace body and inside that we have this install button. inside that we have this install button. inside that we have this install button. So maybe here we say plus add only So maybe here we say plus add only So maybe here we say plus add only and I will wrap this inside the link tag and I will wrap this inside the link tag and I will wrap this inside the link tag or obviously it will directly navigate or obviously it will directly navigate or obviously it will directly navigate it. So it's totally up to you how you it. So it's totally up to you how you it. So it's totally up to you how you want to handle it. Okay. So basically want to handle it. Okay. So basically want to handle it. Okay. So basically let's create a method. So we'll say let's create a method. So we'll say let's create a method. So we'll say constant constant constant on on on add repo and then this on add repo we need to and then this on add repo we need to and then this on add repo we need to call on the click of this button. Now inside that obviously first we'll Now inside that obviously first we'll Now inside that obviously first we'll authenticate if it's not authenticate authenticate if it's not authenticate authenticate if it's not authenticate already. So we'll say constant already. So we'll say constant already. So we'll say constant result is equal to a exios.get and /appi.github. and /appi.github. and /appi.github. Now make sure to import this exio and I Now make sure to import this exio and I Now make sure to import this exio and I will make this as a sync. Okay. And will make this as a sync. Okay. And will make this as a sync. Okay. And that's all. We don't need to implement that's all. We don't need to implement that's all. We don't need to implement anything. Now if I go back to our anything. Now if I go back to our anything. Now if I go back to our application, let's refresh this page and application, let's refresh this page and application, let's refresh this page and then click add. then click add. then click add. So right now we are getting some error. So right now we are getting some error. So right now we are getting some error. Let's see what is. Oh, so it's saying Let's see what is. Oh, so it's saying Let's see what is. Oh, so it's saying the network error. So let's do one the network error. So let's do one the network error. So let's do one thing. Um thing. Um thing. Um so obviously uh instead of making this so obviously uh instead of making this so obviously uh instead of making this exio call we will directly uh use a exio call we will directly uh use a exio call we will directly uh use a router. So we'll say constant router is router. So we'll say constant router is router. So we'll say constant router is equal to use router and make sure this equal to use router and make sure this equal to use router and make sure this use router you importing from the next use router you importing from the next use router you importing from the next /navigation. /navigation. /navigation. Okay. And once you import it then here Okay. And once you import it then here Okay. And once you import it then here we'll say router dot push and then we'll we'll say router dot push and then we'll we'll say router dot push and then we'll say / ai/ say / ai/ say / ai/ github that's all okay now obviously we github that's all okay now obviously we github that's all okay now obviously we don't have we did not add any client ID don't have we did not add any client ID don't have we did not add any client ID and redirect URI but if I try to click and redirect URI but if I try to click and redirect URI but if I try to click add button um oh let me see what is the add button um oh let me see what is the add button um oh let me see what is the issue again let me refresh this. issue again let me refresh this. issue again let me refresh this. So we again have an error. Oh, we forgot So we again have an error. Oh, we forgot So we again have an error. Oh, we forgot to save this file. to save this file. to save this file. Maybe let's refresh it and try add. And Maybe let's refresh it and try add. And Maybe let's refresh it and try add. And right now if you see it's navigating to right now if you see it's navigating to right now if you see it's navigating to the GitHub page, but it's saying the the GitHub page, but it's saying the the GitHub page, but it's saying the client ID and redirect URI is missing. client ID and redirect URI is missing. client ID and redirect URI is missing. Now the question is how to get those? So Now the question is how to get those? So Now the question is how to get those? So simply you can log to your GitHub simply you can log to your GitHub simply you can log to your GitHub account and then on the right hand side account and then on the right hand side account and then on the right hand side you will see this profile icon. Click on you will see this profile icon. Click on you will see this profile icon. Click on it and go to the setting. Under the it and go to the setting. Under the it and go to the setting. Under the setting you will find an developer setting you will find an developer setting you will find an developer option a developer setting. Click on option a developer setting. Click on option a developer setting. Click on that and then you can add a new GitHub that and then you can add a new GitHub that and then you can add a new GitHub app. Okay. So we click GitHub app. Then app. Okay. So we click GitHub app. Then app. Okay. So we click GitHub app. Then once you authenticate to the developer once you authenticate to the developer once you authenticate to the developer setting give the application name. So setting give the application name. So setting give the application name. So here we say AI here we say AI here we say AI uh testing uh testing uh testing automation automation automation agent. You can add a description if you agent. You can add a description if you agent. You can add a description if you want. Now the for testing purpose want. Now the for testing purpose want. Now the for testing purpose obviously we are using a local host. So obviously we are using a local host. So obviously we are using a local host. So I will only add a local host 3000. Then I will only add a local host 3000. Then I will only add a local host 3000. Then the callback URL we have to add. the callback URL we have to add. the callback URL we have to add. Currently uh we don't have the call back Currently uh we don't have the call back Currently uh we don't have the call back URL set up but right now we'll add API/ URL set up but right now we'll add API/ URL set up but right now we'll add API/ GitHub/ callback. Okay. So I will add it GitHub/ callback. Okay. So I will add it GitHub/ callback. Okay. So I will add it like this for now. And then you can keep like this for now. And then you can keep like this for now. And then you can keep everything as it is. Okay. So here I everything as it is. Okay. So here I everything as it is. Okay. So here I will remove this web hook and then will remove this web hook and then will remove this web hook and then simply click create GitHub app. As soon simply click create GitHub app. As soon simply click create GitHub app. As soon as you create a GitHub app, you will as you create a GitHub app, you will as you create a GitHub app, you will find this client ID. Okay. Copy this find this client ID. Okay. Copy this find this client ID. Okay. Copy this client ID inside your env file. client ID inside your env file. client ID inside your env file. So inside this env So inside this env So inside this env I will paste it. But make sure you will I will paste it. But make sure you will I will paste it. But make sure you will add this environment variable name add this environment variable name add this environment variable name and redirect URI as well. and redirect URI as well. and redirect URI as well. Something like this. Okay. We also need Something like this. Okay. We also need Something like this. Okay. We also need to generate the secret key. Okay. in the to generate the secret key. Okay. in the to generate the secret key. Okay. in the later on but for now let's keep only later on but for now let's keep only later on but for now let's keep only these two files and for the redirect URI these two files and for the redirect URI these two files and for the redirect URI you have to use this call back one okay you have to use this call back one okay you have to use this call back one okay obviously we don't have API endpoint for obviously we don't have API endpoint for obviously we don't have API endpoint for that but we'll add it later on and then that but we'll add it later on and then that but we'll add it later on and then save it once you add it let's go back save it once you add it let's go back save it once you add it let's go back and test this out so and test this out so and test this out so I will just refresh this and then we'll I will just refresh this and then we'll I will just refresh this and then we'll click add click add click add and now if you see it ask my application and now if you see it ask my application and now if you see it ask my application is asking for the permission Okay. So is asking for the permission Okay. So is asking for the permission Okay. So once you authorize the permission, it once you authorize the permission, it once you authorize the permission, it will return or it will go back to that will return or it will go back to that will return or it will go back to that particular route. See the call back particular route. See the call back particular route. See the call back route that we added and it also give you route that we added and it also give you route that we added and it also give you one code. Now this code is very one code. Now this code is very one code. Now this code is very important in order to generate the important in order to generate the important in order to generate the access token. Okay. Now in the the next access token. Okay. Now in the the next access token. Okay. Now in the the next step is obviously we have to generate step is obviously we have to generate step is obviously we have to generate the access token and once we have the the access token and once we have the the access token and once we have the access token we will save it in a access token we will save it in a access token we will save it in a cookie. You can save it in our your cookie. You can save it in our your cookie. You can save it in our your database as well. And every time when database as well. And every time when database as well. And every time when you want to make an API request to the you want to make an API request to the you want to make an API request to the GitHub, you can use that access token. GitHub, you can use that access token. GitHub, you can use that access token. As simple as that. Okay. So what we'll As simple as that. Okay. So what we'll As simple as that. Okay. So what we'll do now next step after um authenticate do now next step after um authenticate do now next step after um authenticate we'll go to the next step which is u we'll go to the next step which is u we'll go to the next step which is u redirect back to the site by the GitHub redirect back to the site by the GitHub redirect back to the site by the GitHub and in order to generate this access and in order to generate this access and in order to generate this access token. Right now token. Right now token. Right now let's create the call back endpoint. So let's create the call back endpoint. So let's create the call back endpoint. So inside the GitHub we'll create another inside the GitHub we'll create another inside the GitHub we'll create another nested API endpoint route. So we'll say nested API endpoint route. So we'll say nested API endpoint route. So we'll say call back and then we'll add a route. TS call back and then we'll add a route. TS call back and then we'll add a route. TS file. Now inside this we'll add export a file. Now inside this we'll add export a file. Now inside this we'll add export a sync function. Then this is a get sync function. Then this is a get sync function. Then this is a get request and we'll say request next request and we'll say request next request and we'll say request next request. Inside this Inside this Inside this we'll get the code first. So we say we'll get the code first. So we say we'll get the code first. So we say constant code is equal to request dot constant code is equal to request dot constant code is equal to request dot next URL dot search param dot get and then we'll say code dot get and then we'll say code dot get and then we'll say code and then save this file. Now if the code and then save this file. Now if the code and then save this file. Now if the code is missing so here we'll add a condition is missing so here we'll add a condition is missing so here we'll add a condition if the code is missing then we'll return if the code is missing then we'll return if the code is missing then we'll return a next response. a next response. a next response. um the suggestion I'm getting very late um the suggestion I'm getting very late um the suggestion I'm getting very late but but but we'll say response dot we'll say response dot we'll say response dot redirect and then we'll say new URL redirect and then we'll say new URL redirect and then we'll say new URL with the workspace with the workspace with the workspace with an error okay and we can show some with an error okay and we can show some with an error okay and we can show some error let's say missing code as a code error let's say missing code as a code error let's say missing code as a code status here we'll say request dot URL status here we'll say request dot URL status here we'll say request dot URL make sure to import this next response make sure to import this next response make sure to import this next response response. So here we'll say next response. So here we'll say next response. So here we'll say next response and once it is imported then response and once it is imported then response and once it is imported then you're good to go. Okay. So here I need you're good to go. Okay. So here I need you're good to go. Okay. So here I need to add one more to add one more to add one more or this need to be inside this brace or this need to be inside this brace or this need to be inside this brace only and then save it. But if you have only and then save it. But if you have only and then save it. But if you have the code then you have to call that the code then you have to call that the code then you have to call that particular API endpoint okay to this particular API endpoint okay to this particular API endpoint okay to this access token. So copy that and here access token. So copy that and here access token. So copy that and here we'll say resource await we'll say resource await we'll say resource await is equal to fetch and then add this is equal to fetch and then add this is equal to fetch and then add this string regarding the access token. After string regarding the access token. After string regarding the access token. After that we'll say method as post because we that we'll say method as post because we that we'll say method as post because we want to make a post request. Inside the want to make a post request. Inside the want to make a post request. Inside the headers headers headers we'll add a content type. So we'll say we'll add a content type. So we'll say we'll add a content type. So we'll say content type as application /json content type as application /json content type as application /json and then we want to accept and then we want to accept and then we want to accept the application the application the application /json only over here this need to just space. Then over here this need to just space. Then over here this need to just space. Then next thing after adding a header we want next thing after adding a header we want next thing after adding a header we want to add a body. So inside the body you to add a body. So inside the body you to add a body. So inside the body you will add JSON dot stringify will add JSON dot stringify will add JSON dot stringify and then inside that you have to add a and then inside that you have to add a and then inside that you have to add a client client client id those parameter is already mentioned id those parameter is already mentioned id those parameter is already mentioned here. Okay client ID client secret key. here. Okay client ID client secret key. here. Okay client ID client secret key. So we'll say client ID as process dot So we'll say client ID as process dot So we'll say client ID as process dot environment dot uh github client id. Then we also want to add a client secret Then we also want to add a client secret Then we also want to add a client secret key. So for the client secret key we key. So for the client secret key we key. So for the client secret key we have to say process dot environment dot have to say process dot environment dot have to say process dot environment dot github github github client client client secret secret secret and then last we have to pass the code and then last we have to pass the code and then last we have to pass the code which we got it and then save it. Now which we got it and then save it. Now which we got it and then save it. Now obviously we don't have the client obviously we don't have the client obviously we don't have the client secret key that we have to get it. So secret key that we have to get it. So secret key that we have to get it. So inside your env file we'll save the inside your env file we'll save the inside your env file we'll save the client secret key. client secret key. client secret key. Okay. And in order to generate the Okay. And in order to generate the Okay. And in order to generate the client secret key, you can go to your client secret key, you can go to your client secret key, you can go to your uh GitHub developer setting and inside uh GitHub developer setting and inside uh GitHub developer setting and inside that you will find an option under that you will find an option under that you will find an option under client secret. You have to create a client secret. You have to create a client secret. You have to create a generate a new client secret. Just click generate a new client secret. Just click generate a new client secret. Just click on it, copy that client secret key and on it, copy that client secret key and on it, copy that client secret key and then paste it here. After this, once you then paste it here. After this, once you then paste it here. After this, once you paste it, now you have the client secret paste it, now you have the client secret paste it, now you have the client secret key as well. Okay. Now this particular key as well. Okay. Now this particular key as well. Okay. Now this particular fetch will result some data. So we'll fetch will result some data. So we'll fetch will result some data. So we'll say constant data is equal to await say constant data is equal to await say constant data is equal to await and then we'll say resource dot JSON. and then we'll say resource dot JSON. and then we'll say resource dot JSON. Okay. So once we have the result from Okay. So once we have the result from Okay. So once we have the result from the result we'll get the token. So we'll the result we'll get the token. So we'll the result we'll get the token. So we'll say data dot access token. Now over here say data dot access token. Now over here say data dot access token. Now over here inside the documentation you will find inside the documentation you will find inside the documentation you will find how the response will get. So inside the how the response will get. So inside the how the response will get. So inside the access token we'll get the uh the token access token we'll get the uh the token access token we'll get the uh the token only. Okay that token you have to get only. Okay that token you have to get only. Okay that token you have to get it. Once you have the access token then it. Once you have the access token then it. Once you have the access token then you can save that. But if you don't have you can save that. But if you don't have you can save that. But if you don't have the token so if there is a no token you the token so if there is a no token you the token so if there is a no token you can simply uh return can simply uh return can simply uh return some uh uh you can simply return the some uh uh you can simply return the some uh uh you can simply return the next response dot redirect. So similar next response dot redirect. So similar next response dot redirect. So similar like this one. So I will just copy that like this one. So I will just copy that like this one. So I will just copy that and we'll paste it here. and we'll paste it here. and we'll paste it here. But in this case instead of missing code But in this case instead of missing code But in this case instead of missing code I will say token I will say token I will say token exchange exchange exchange fail. fail. fail. Okay. And then save it. But once if you Okay. And then save it. But once if you Okay. And then save it. But once if you have the token right have the token right have the token right we can redirect user to the specific we can redirect user to the specific we can redirect user to the specific page which means on the workspace. So page which means on the workspace. So page which means on the workspace. So we'll say next response dot redirect and we'll say next response dot redirect and we'll say next response dot redirect and then we'll say new URL then we'll say new URL then we'll say new URL /workspace page. Okay. And then we say /workspace page. Okay. And then we say /workspace page. Okay. And then we say request dot URL. request dot URL. request dot URL. After this um whatever the token we get After this um whatever the token we get After this um whatever the token we get it we have to store it in a cookie. So it we have to store it in a cookie. So it we have to store it in a cookie. So here we'll say store token in http only here we'll say store token in http only here we'll say store token in http only cookies. cookies. cookies. So in order to store it we'll say So in order to store it we'll say So in order to store it we'll say response dot cookies because from there response dot cookies because from there response dot cookies because from there right whatever the URL is there um in right whatever the URL is there um in right whatever the URL is there um in that URL's cookie it will save that that URL's cookie it will save that that URL's cookie it will save that token. You can even save it inside your token. You can even save it inside your token. You can even save it inside your database. So it's totally up to you but database. So it's totally up to you but database. So it's totally up to you but while making any GitHub API call you while making any GitHub API call you while making any GitHub API call you need that token. So we'll say GitHub need that token. So we'll say GitHub need that token. So we'll say GitHub token token token and then we'll and then we'll and then we'll save that token. Okay. Obviously while save that token. Okay. Obviously while save that token. Okay. Obviously while saving there are a couple of things we saving there are a couple of things we saving there are a couple of things we need to add because we need to provide need to add because we need to provide need to add because we need to provide the cookies expire time. the cookies expire time. the cookies expire time. So here we'll say http as a true then uh So here we'll say http as a true then uh So here we'll say http as a true then uh secure is equal to so here we'll say secure is equal to so here we'll say secure is equal to so here we'll say secure secure secure process dot environment dot node process dot environment dot node process dot environment dot node environment as a production and we want environment as a production and we want environment as a production and we want a 30 days. So you need to provide a a 30 days. So you need to provide a a 30 days. So you need to provide a maximum age as a 30 days and then uh you maximum age as a 30 days and then uh you maximum age as a 30 days and then uh you can provide can provide can provide a path as a slash and then same site I a path as a slash and then same site I a path as a slash and then same site I have to provide as lx and then save it. have to provide as lx and then save it. have to provide as lx and then save it. So this will save your token uh inside So this will save your token uh inside So this will save your token uh inside your cookies for 30 days and then inside your cookies for 30 days and then inside your cookies for 30 days and then inside the return you can simply return the the return you can simply return the the return you can simply return the response. Okay, something like this. And response. Okay, something like this. And response. Okay, something like this. And then save. Now that's how you have to then save. Now that's how you have to then save. Now that's how you have to save your token. Okay, so let's test save your token. Okay, so let's test save your token. Okay, so let's test this out. So we'll go back to our this out. So we'll go back to our this out. So we'll go back to our application where we got the token. And application where we got the token. And application where we got the token. And obviously this token exchange is failed obviously this token exchange is failed obviously this token exchange is failed because uh it's a old token, right? We because uh it's a old token, right? We because uh it's a old token, right? We have to authenticate again and that's have to authenticate again and that's have to authenticate again and that's why we get this message. So let's go to why we get this message. So let's go to why we get this message. So let's go to the workspace, click add. Now we'll the workspace, click add. Now we'll the workspace, click add. Now we'll authenticate and it look like we authenticate and it look like we authenticate and it look like we authenticate successfully. Let me see if authenticate successfully. Let me see if authenticate successfully. Let me see if we have any error. U we have any error. U we have any error. U so we have a error which is the current so we have a error which is the current so we have a error which is the current user that's different thing user that's different thing user that's different thing but it look like it's saving. Uh you can but it look like it's saving. Uh you can but it look like it's saving. Uh you can verify by going to our call back and if verify by going to our call back and if verify by going to our call back and if you see in the call back we got the URL you see in the call back we got the URL you see in the call back we got the URL and then get request and post. So you and then get request and post. So you and then get request and post. So you can verify by going going to the inspect can verify by going going to the inspect can verify by going going to the inspect panel. Then uh in order to verify panel. Then uh in order to verify panel. Then uh in order to verify whether it's save or not go to this uh whether it's save or not go to this uh whether it's save or not go to this uh inspect panel application and then under inspect panel application and then under inspect panel application and then under the cookies you will see your website. the cookies you will see your website. the cookies you will see your website. Now here either you can search it with Now here either you can search it with Now here either you can search it with the uh GitHub token because that is the the uh GitHub token because that is the the uh GitHub token because that is the name we give and you will see the GitHub name we give and you will see the GitHub name we give and you will see the GitHub token for our um the access token which token for our um the access token which token for our um the access token which is generated from the GitHub. Pretty is generated from the GitHub. Pretty is generated from the GitHub. Pretty cool, right? And that's how you have to cool, right? And that's how you have to cool, right? And that's how you have to uh authenticate the user. Now the uh authenticate the user. Now the uh authenticate the user. Now the question is how can we know on the front question is how can we know on the front question is how can we know on the front end side whether the we have the token end side whether the we have the token end side whether the we have the token or not and depends on that we have to or not and depends on that we have to or not and depends on that we have to change the button and all. Now another change the button and all. Now another change the button and all. Now another important thing you can even save the important thing you can even save the important thing you can even save the GitHub repo or user aar the name inside GitHub repo or user aar the name inside GitHub repo or user aar the name inside your uh database. So quickly uh what we your uh database. So quickly uh what we your uh database. So quickly uh what we are going to do if user is are going to do if user is are going to do if user is uh don't did not connected our GitHub uh don't did not connected our GitHub uh don't did not connected our GitHub account we'll change this method to account we'll change this method to account we'll change this method to let's say setup okay and once it is let's say setup okay and once it is let's say setup okay and once it is connected it means uh we need to check connected it means uh we need to check connected it means uh we need to check whether the token is there or not so we whether the token is there or not so we whether the token is there or not so we have to get the token first so we'll say have to get the token first so we'll say have to get the token first so we'll say constant constant constant cookie store is equal to await and then cookie store is equal to await and then cookie store is equal to await and then here we'll say cookies. Okay. Now these here we'll say cookies. Okay. Now these here we'll say cookies. Okay. Now these cookies you have to import from the next cookies you have to import from the next cookies you have to import from the next uh slash headers and once you import it uh slash headers and once you import it uh slash headers and once you import it here we have this await maybe we can here we have this await maybe we can here we have this await maybe we can mark this as a sync function. So we mark this as a sync function. So we mark this as a sync function. So we don't have that error. And now once we don't have that error. And now once we don't have that error. And now once we have the cookie store so we'll say have the cookie store so we'll say have the cookie store so we'll say constant constant constant token is equal to token is equal to token is equal to cookie store dot get and then you have cookie store dot get and then you have cookie store dot get and then you have to provide that name. So we'll say to provide that name. So we'll say to provide that name. So we'll say github token okay and then its value we github token okay and then its value we github token okay and then its value we need to fetch. Now if there is a token need to fetch. Now if there is a token need to fetch. Now if there is a token then then then here we'll say if token is not there here we'll say if token is not there here we'll say if token is not there then you obviously user have to then you obviously user have to then you obviously user have to authenticate authenticate authenticate right otherwise right otherwise right otherwise we'll show another button here we say we'll show another button here we say we'll show another button here we say add repo and then close the tag and then save it. and then close the tag and then save it. and then close the tag and then save it. Right now once you save you you will see Right now once you save you you will see Right now once you save you you will see some error. Now this error it came some error. Now this error it came some error. Now this error it came because we are trying to access the next because we are trying to access the next because we are trying to access the next header on the client side because our header on the client side because our header on the client side because our component or page is on the client side component or page is on the client side component or page is on the client side and you cannot do that. So basically we and you cannot do that. So basically we and you cannot do that. So basically we have to fetch the token on the server have to fetch the token on the server have to fetch the token on the server side and then we have to uh get that uh side and then we have to uh get that uh side and then we have to uh get that uh using some API endpoint. So uh inside using some API endpoint. So uh inside using some API endpoint. So uh inside the API or maybe inside the GitHub only the API or maybe inside the GitHub only the API or maybe inside the GitHub only we'll create uh again another endpoint we'll create uh again another endpoint we'll create uh again another endpoint called token and then inside that we'll called token and then inside that we'll called token and then inside that we'll create a route. TS file here we'll say create a route. TS file here we'll say create a route. TS file here we'll say export export export a sync a sync a sync function function function and we'll say get request next request and we'll say get request next request and we'll say get request next request and the arrow function. Make sure to and the arrow function. Make sure to and the arrow function. Make sure to import this next request. And then import this next request. And then import this next request. And then inside this uh we're going to simply add inside this uh we're going to simply add inside this uh we're going to simply add constant constant constant cookie store is equal to await. Let me cookie store is equal to await. Let me cookie store is equal to await. Let me copy the same one. So here we'll copy copy the same one. So here we'll copy copy the same one. So here we'll copy everything as it is and we'll paste it everything as it is and we'll paste it everything as it is and we'll paste it here. Now you can import this cookie from the Now you can import this cookie from the Now you can import this cookie from the next / header. And after this once you next / header. And after this once you next / header. And after this once you have the token you can simply return in have the token you can simply return in have the token you can simply return in the next response dot JSON the next response dot JSON the next response dot JSON and maybe inside that you can say token and maybe inside that you can say token and maybe inside that you can say token as token. as token. as token. Make sure to import this next response Make sure to import this next response Make sure to import this next response as well and save it. Now inside the as well and save it. Now inside the as well and save it. Now inside the workspace body you can add workspace body you can add workspace body you can add a method called constant get GitHub a method called constant get GitHub a method called constant get GitHub user token is equal to error function user token is equal to error function user token is equal to error function and then we'll say constant result is and then we'll say constant result is and then we'll say constant result is equal to await exos exos exos we already have exos dot we already have exos dot we already have exos dot get and then inside that we'll say / get and then inside that we'll say / get and then inside that we'll say / ai/github ai/github ai/github / token / token / token and then you can console this token for and then you can console this token for and then you can console this token for now. So we'll say console.log now. So we'll say console.log now. So we'll say console.log result result result dot data dot token and then save it. And dot data dot token and then save it. And dot data dot token and then save it. And obviously we have to save the token. So obviously we have to save the token. So obviously we have to save the token. So we'll maybe can create we'll maybe can create we'll maybe can create token set token is equal to use state and then here we're going to simply set and then here we're going to simply set and then here we're going to simply set the token as result the token as result the token as result dot data dot token. dot data dot token. dot data dot token. Now this get GitHub user token we need Now this get GitHub user token we need Now this get GitHub user token we need to call inside the use effect whenever to call inside the use effect whenever to call inside the use effect whenever this component load and make sure to save this. Once you and make sure to save this. Once you and make sure to save this. Once you save it save it save it you can check this out. So we'll go to you can check this out. So we'll go to you can check this out. So we'll go to the workspace page the workspace page the workspace page and we'll go to the inspect. and we'll go to the inspect. and we'll go to the inspect. Now here you don't need to mark a sync Now here you don't need to mark a sync Now here you don't need to mark a sync because that's why we are getting this because that's why we are getting this because that's why we are getting this error. And now if I go to this inspect error. And now if I go to this inspect error. And now if I go to this inspect panel go to the console and you will see panel go to the console and you will see panel go to the console and you will see the GitHub access token. Okay. So that's the GitHub access token. Okay. So that's the GitHub access token. Okay. So that's how you have to get the user access how you have to get the user access how you have to get the user access token. Now obviously once we have the token. Now obviously once we have the token. Now obviously once we have the access token so you can easily fetch the access token so you can easily fetch the access token so you can easily fetch the GitHub repo and then we're going to um GitHub repo and then we're going to um GitHub repo and then we're going to um you give option user to add a GitHub you give option user to add a GitHub you give option user to add a GitHub repo and everything. Okay, that we will repo and everything. Okay, that we will repo and everything. Okay, that we will see in a moment. But for now, make sure see in a moment. But for now, make sure see in a moment. But for now, make sure you are able to connect your application you are able to connect your application you are able to connect your application to the GitHub and then you are getting to the GitHub and then you are getting to the GitHub and then you are getting the access token. the access token. the access token. Now, after this, we are going to push Now, after this, we are going to push Now, after this, we are going to push our code. So, we'll create a new branch our code. So, we'll create a new branch our code. So, we'll create a new branch and here we'll say and here we'll say and here we'll say GitHub GitHub GitHub connect. connect. connect. Then we'll stage all of the change. And Then we'll stage all of the change. And Then we'll stage all of the change. And here as well will say commit message here as well will say commit message here as well will say commit message with the GitHub command. Make sure the with the GitHub command. Make sure the with the GitHub command. Make sure the branch is checked out so that you can branch is checked out so that you can branch is checked out so that you can simply simply simply over here stage the file and then click over here stage the file and then click over here stage the file and then click commit. And then don't forget to um commit. And then don't forget to um commit. And then don't forget to um push your changes. After that you'll get push your changes. After that you'll get push your changes. After that you'll get an option to connect or to create a pull an option to connect or to create a pull an option to connect or to create a pull request. Simply click uh create pull request. Simply click uh create pull request. Simply click uh create pull request and then once the pull request request and then once the pull request request and then once the pull request is created plan arc will start reviewing is created plan arc will start reviewing is created plan arc will start reviewing your code. See it started reviewing. So your code. See it started reviewing. So your code. See it started reviewing. So just give a second or two and then you just give a second or two and then you just give a second or two and then you will see the summary the key is to will see the summary the key is to will see the summary the key is to double check right because we added the double check right because we added the double check right because we added the environment variable ver verify the environment variable ver verify the environment variable ver verify the client ID and client security are client ID and client security are client ID and client security are correctly configured in the dep de correctly configured in the dep de correctly configured in the dep de development uh or deployment environment development uh or deployment environment development uh or deployment environment and everything and then suggested and everything and then suggested and everything and then suggested improvement as well. So this plan will improvement as well. So this plan will improvement as well. So this plan will give you the complete summary the things give you the complete summary the things give you the complete summary the things to check it out and the improvement to check it out and the improvement to check it out and the improvement suggestion. Then you will see the inline suggestion. Then you will see the inline suggestion. Then you will see the inline comment as well properly mentioned one comment as well properly mentioned one comment as well properly mentioned one by one. Um this is the medium one and by one. Um this is the medium one and by one. Um this is the medium one and along with that you will see the what along with that you will see the what along with that you will see the what the axios get call need to be typed the axios get call need to be typed the axios get call need to be typed inside the track catch. If you get any inside the track catch. If you get any inside the track catch. If you get any network error then it will catch it. network error then it will catch it. network error then it will catch it. Obviously that's very good uh practice Obviously that's very good uh practice Obviously that's very good uh practice to implement it. Okay. So in next in my to implement it. Okay. So in next in my to implement it. Okay. So in next in my next PR going forward I will add that next PR going forward I will add that next PR going forward I will add that and same thing you can just check each and same thing you can just check each and same thing you can just check each PR command because that uh help a lot PR command because that uh help a lot PR command because that uh help a lot and after that you can simply merge your and after that you can simply merge your and after that you can simply merge your pull request once you are happy with it pull request once you are happy with it pull request once you are happy with it click confirm and merge okay now inside click confirm and merge okay now inside click confirm and merge okay now inside the plan.dev over here if I refresh this the plan.dev over here if I refresh this the plan.dev over here if I refresh this you will see the three uh count and you will see the three uh count and you will see the three uh count and inside the view report you will see this inside the view report you will see this inside the view report you will see this complete report as well. So that's why complete report as well. So that's why complete report as well. So that's why the plan arc is one of the best uh code the plan arc is one of the best uh code the plan arc is one of the best uh code reviewing tool and um generating the reviewing tool and um generating the reviewing tool and um generating the proper uh project task for you if you proper uh project task for you if you proper uh project task for you if you are building any new project. Now after this we want to get all the Now after this we want to get all the Now after this we want to get all the repo and so that user can select the repo and so that user can select the repo and so that user can select the repo from the list. We already have the repo from the list. We already have the repo from the list. We already have the GitHub repo connected. The only thing GitHub repo connected. The only thing GitHub repo connected. The only thing that we need to do is to fetch the that we need to do is to fetch the that we need to do is to fetch the user's repo. So for that one inside our user's repo. So for that one inside our user's repo. So for that one inside our application application application uh when user click on add repo we are uh when user click on add repo we are uh when user click on add repo we are going to show a dialogue and on the going to show a dialogue and on the going to show a dialogue and on the dialogue user can select the repo. Now dialogue user can select the repo. Now dialogue user can select the repo. Now in order to add a dialogue you can in order to add a dialogue you can in order to add a dialogue you can simply going to add a shaden component. simply going to add a shaden component. simply going to add a shaden component. The shaden is already included in our The shaden is already included in our The shaden is already included in our neckj boiler plate but only thing we neckj boiler plate but only thing we neckj boiler plate but only thing we need to install is a dialog component. need to install is a dialog component. need to install is a dialog component. So go to the dialog component and inside So go to the dialog component and inside So go to the dialog component and inside this we have this uh dialog command in this we have this uh dialog command in this we have this uh dialog command in order to install it. So I will copy this order to install it. So I will copy this order to install it. So I will copy this npm command. Just paste it here. So it npm command. Just paste it here. So it npm command. Just paste it here. So it will add the dialog component. will add the dialog component. will add the dialog component. So here we'll say yes to proceed and So here we'll say yes to proceed and So here we'll say yes to proceed and then it will install the dialog then it will install the dialog then it will install the dialog component for us. After this component for us. After this component for us. After this we'll go to our workspace and inside we'll go to our workspace and inside we'll go to our workspace and inside that we have workspace body. Right that we have workspace body. Right that we have workspace body. Right now obviously once user click on add now obviously once user click on add now obviously once user click on add repo we want to open that dialogue. So repo we want to open that dialogue. So repo we want to open that dialogue. So we'll create a custom component and we'll create a custom component and we'll create a custom component and we'll name it as we'll name it as we'll name it as repo dialogue.tsx. repo dialogue.tsx. repo dialogue.tsx. Then add a default template Then add a default template Then add a default template and then save it. Now in order to use and then save it. Now in order to use and then save it. Now in order to use dialogue first from this uh example you dialogue first from this uh example you dialogue first from this uh example you can copy this dialogue import as it is. can copy this dialogue import as it is. can copy this dialogue import as it is. After this you have to copy this example After this you have to copy this example After this you have to copy this example and simply paste it here and then save and simply paste it here and then save and simply paste it here and then save it. Now this is the dialog trigger which it. Now this is the dialog trigger which it. Now this is the dialog trigger which will open the actual dialogue. Okay. Now will open the actual dialogue. Okay. Now will open the actual dialogue. Okay. Now let's go to workspace and here let's go to workspace and here let's go to workspace and here let me remove this add repo and instead let me remove this add repo and instead let me remove this add repo and instead of this now we'll replace that with a of this now we'll replace that with a of this now we'll replace that with a report dialogue. Okay. Now inside the report dialogue. Okay. Now inside the report dialogue. Okay. Now inside the repo dialogue this is the trigger. So repo dialogue this is the trigger. So repo dialogue this is the trigger. So we'll replace with this our own button we'll replace with this our own button we'll replace with this our own button and then save both the file. Once you and then save both the file. Once you and then save both the file. Once you save, if I go back to our application save, if I go back to our application save, if I go back to our application and click on this add repo. Let me and click on this add repo. Let me and click on this add repo. Let me refresh this refresh this refresh this and click on add repo. Then you will see and click on add repo. Then you will see and click on add repo. Then you will see this dialogue. Perfect. Right now let's this dialogue. Perfect. Right now let's this dialogue. Perfect. Right now let's update the content for this dialogue. So update the content for this dialogue. So update the content for this dialogue. So at the top uh I will change this at the top uh I will change this at the top uh I will change this dialogue header and we'll add it as add dialogue header and we'll add it as add dialogue header and we'll add it as add repository and for the dialog description and for the dialog description and for the dialog description we'll add search and select one of your we'll add search and select one of your we'll add search and select one of your GitHub repositories. this and save it. So on the click you will and save it. So on the click you will and save it. So on the click you will see this description. After that see this description. After that see this description. After that we inside the dialogue content. So maybe we inside the dialogue content. So maybe we inside the dialogue content. So maybe after this after this after this I will add a simple div I will add a simple div I will add a simple div and inside this div uh we want to show and inside this div uh we want to show and inside this div uh we want to show the all the repo list. Okay. Obviously the all the repo list. Okay. Obviously the all the repo list. Okay. Obviously currently we don't have the list of repo currently we don't have the list of repo currently we don't have the list of repo but here we're going to add it and at but here we're going to add it and at but here we're going to add it and at the bottom. So here we have dialog the bottom. So here we have dialog the bottom. So here we have dialog footer. Let's import that dialog footer footer. Let's import that dialog footer footer. Let's import that dialog footer and then inside this we'll add dialog uh and then inside this we'll add dialog uh and then inside this we'll add dialog uh close button to close the dialogue. So close button to close the dialogue. So close button to close the dialogue. So here we'll add a cancel button. So this here we'll add a cancel button. So this here we'll add a cancel button. So this is how it look like. So if I add this is how it look like. So if I add this is how it look like. So if I add this repo now somehow it's not reflecting. Oh repo now somehow it's not reflecting. Oh repo now somehow it's not reflecting. Oh it's added in the cancel. That's where it's added in the cancel. That's where it's added in the cancel. That's where maybe we need to add inside the content. maybe we need to add inside the content. maybe we need to add inside the content. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Yeah. So, here we have the cancel Yeah. So, here we have the cancel Yeah. So, here we have the cancel button. And then we want to add another button. And then we want to add another button. And then we want to add another button. button. button. And here we'll say add. And here we'll say add. And here we'll say add. Okay. Now we have add and cancel button. Okay. Now we have add and cancel button. Okay. Now we have add and cancel button. For this we'll add a flex and we'll add For this we'll add a flex and we'll add For this we'll add a flex and we'll add a gap to five. Okay. So you have cancel a gap to five. Okay. So you have cancel a gap to five. Okay. So you have cancel button on the click of cancel. If you button on the click of cancel. If you button on the click of cancel. If you see that dialogue is go away. Perfect. see that dialogue is go away. Perfect. see that dialogue is go away. Perfect. Now as soon as you open this add repo we Now as soon as you open this add repo we Now as soon as you open this add repo we need to make an API call in order to need to make an API call in order to need to make an API call in order to fetch the repo. Okay. So uh from the fetch the repo. Okay. So uh from the fetch the repo. Okay. So uh from the GitHub documentation inside that you GitHub documentation inside that you GitHub documentation inside that you will find you can find how to connect it will find you can find how to connect it will find you can find how to connect it or in order to search it quickly you or in order to search it quickly you or in order to search it quickly you have this search. Okay. And Google have this search. Okay. And Google have this search. Okay. And Google copilot will help you. So here we'll say copilot will help you. So here we'll say copilot will help you. So here we'll say um um um how to fetch how to fetch how to fetch users GitHub repo users users GitHub repo users users GitHub repo users GitHub repo GitHub repo GitHub repo and then it will give you the proper and then it will give you the proper and then it will give you the proper answer that how to implement and answer that how to implement and answer that how to implement and everything. If you see we have to use everything. If you see we have to use everything. If you see we have to use the uh GitHub user user repo but we the uh GitHub user user repo but we the uh GitHub user user repo but we already authenticate. So we really don't already authenticate. So we really don't already authenticate. So we really don't need to pass um the username but over need to pass um the username but over need to pass um the username but over here if you see we have this endpoint to here if you see we have this endpoint to here if you see we have this endpoint to which we need to make an API call to get which we need to make an API call to get which we need to make an API call to get the current user the current user the current user uh repolist. Okay. So what we can do we uh repolist. Okay. So what we can do we uh repolist. Okay. So what we can do we can create a new API endpoint. So you can create a new API endpoint. So you can create a new API endpoint. So you can create inside the GitHub only and can create inside the GitHub only and can create inside the GitHub only and inside that we'll create a new file. We inside that we'll create a new file. We inside that we'll create a new file. We call it as report and inside that we'll call it as report and inside that we'll call it as report and inside that we'll create a route ts file. Now inside that create a route ts file. Now inside that create a route ts file. Now inside that let's add export a sync function let's add export a sync function let's add export a sync function and this is the get request. So we'll and this is the get request. So we'll and this is the get request. So we'll simply going to call a get request simply going to call a get request simply going to call a get request something like this. And then inside something like this. And then inside something like this. And then inside that we'll say constant that we'll say constant that we'll say constant cookies cookies cookies store because we need to get uh the uh store because we need to get uh the uh store because we need to get uh the uh access token right which we are saving access token right which we are saving access token right which we are saving in cookies. So here we'll say await in cookies. So here we'll say await in cookies. So here we'll say await cookies. Make sure to import this from cookies. Make sure to import this from cookies. Make sure to import this from the next / header. Then we'll say the next / header. Then we'll say the next / header. Then we'll say constant token is equal to cookie constant token is equal to cookie constant token is equal to cookie store.get store.get store.get and our cookie uh token name is GitHub and our cookie uh token name is GitHub and our cookie uh token name is GitHub token dot value. So that's how we'll get token dot value. So that's how we'll get token dot value. So that's how we'll get the token. Obviously if token is not the token. Obviously if token is not the token. Obviously if token is not there then we'll simply going to write there then we'll simply going to write there then we'll simply going to write here we can change this to next here we can change this to next here we can change this to next response dot JSON and then we'll say uh response dot JSON and then we'll say uh response dot JSON and then we'll say uh it's not found it's not found it's not found otherwise we'll create one constant to otherwise we'll create one constant to otherwise we'll create one constant to save all the repos. save all the repos. save all the repos. Then obviously uh we'll initialize the Then obviously uh we'll initialize the Then obviously uh we'll initialize the first page first page first page and we'll add a condition while true. and we'll add a condition while true. and we'll add a condition while true. Then we'll use constant result is equal Then we'll use constant result is equal Then we'll use constant result is equal to await fetch and inside this fetch we to await fetch and inside this fetch we to await fetch and inside this fetch we need to add this endpoint. So copy this need to add this endpoint. So copy this need to add this endpoint. So copy this endpoint and paste it here. So make sure endpoint and paste it here. So make sure endpoint and paste it here. So make sure this api.github.com/ github.com/ this api.github.com/ github.com/ this api.github.com/ github.com/ user/reos user/reos user/reos and then you can add maximum pair per and then you can add maximum pair per and then you can add maximum pair per per page is 100 and then here we say and per page is 100 and then here we say and per page is 100 and then here we say and page is equal to page is equal to page is equal to dollar page so here dollar page so here dollar page so here dollar and then page okay now you can dollar and then page okay now you can dollar and then page okay now you can even order this by okay so it has a even order this by okay so it has a even order this by okay so it has a proper query you can pass proper proper query you can pass proper proper query you can pass proper parameter here we'll say order is equal parameter here we'll say order is equal parameter here we'll say order is equal to updated so Whenever you update any to updated so Whenever you update any to updated so Whenever you update any repo, it will show it at the top. repo, it will show it at the top. repo, it will show it at the top. Then Then Then we'll implement the headers and inside we'll implement the headers and inside we'll implement the headers and inside the header, we have to pass an the header, we have to pass an the header, we have to pass an authorization here. Let me authorization here. Let me authorization here. Let me add add add this need to be an authorization. So this need to be an authorization. So this need to be an authorization. So we'll say authorization we'll say authorization we'll say authorization and we want to add bearer token. So and we want to add bearer token. So and we want to add bearer token. So we'll say bearer with a capital B and we'll say bearer with a capital B and we'll say bearer with a capital B and the token which you already fetging. the token which you already fetging. the token which you already fetging. And then we'll say accept application application application GitHub uh VND.github.json. GitHub uh VND.github.json. GitHub uh VND.github.json. Okay. So make sure to use this one. I'm Okay. So make sure to use this one. I'm Okay. So make sure to use this one. I'm getting a suggestion. So it will it is getting a suggestion. So it will it is getting a suggestion. So it will it is easy for me. But make sure to add that easy for me. But make sure to add that easy for me. But make sure to add that as well. And then close the curly as well. And then close the curly as well. And then close the curly braces. braces. braces. Then after this we'll add Then after this we'll add Then after this we'll add a constant repose is equal to await response dot JSON and once we get it response dot JSON and once we get it response dot JSON and once we get it here we'll say if the response.length here we'll say if the response.length here we'll say if the response.length length is not there then we can simply length is not there then we can simply length is not there then we can simply break it. Otherwise we'll say all repos break it. Otherwise we'll say all repos break it. Otherwise we'll say all repos dot push and then we'll add all of the dot push and then we'll add all of the dot push and then we'll add all of the repo and we'll say page plus+ because if repo and we'll say page plus+ because if repo and we'll say page plus+ because if there are 200 repo right so it will just there are 200 repo right so it will just there are 200 repo right so it will just go away and it will go to the it will go away and it will go to the it will go away and it will go to the it will scan all of the pages and then it will scan all of the pages and then it will scan all of the pages and then it will add it to your all repo. Once you have add it to your all repo. Once you have add it to your all repo. Once you have all the repo right you can return the all the repo right you can return the all the repo right you can return the result. So here we'll say next response result. So here we'll say next response result. So here we'll say next response dot JSON and you can map all of this dot JSON and you can map all of this dot JSON and you can map all of this okay with a proper way okay with a proper way okay with a proper way or you can simply return all the result or you can simply return all the result or you can simply return all the result as it is and that's how our get GitHub as it is and that's how our get GitHub as it is and that's how our get GitHub repo endpoint is now ready. After that repo endpoint is now ready. After that repo endpoint is now ready. After that we'll go to the repo dialogue again and we'll go to the repo dialogue again and we'll go to the repo dialogue again and inside that now we'll create a method inside that now we'll create a method inside that now we'll create a method called constant get repo called constant get repo called constant get repo list list list and the arrow function inside this we'll and the arrow function inside this we'll and the arrow function inside this we'll say constant result equal to await exos say constant result equal to await exos say constant result equal to await exos get and github repos here make sure we get and github repos here make sure we get and github repos here make sure we are using exio to uh so we'll import are using exio to uh so we'll import are using exio to uh so we'll import this exios and we are using await so this exios and we are using await so this exios and we are using await so I'll mark this as a sync I'll mark this as a sync I'll mark this as a sync after that after that after that uh we'll console the result first and uh we'll console the result first and uh we'll console the result first and we'll see what data we are getting. Now we'll see what data we are getting. Now we'll see what data we are getting. Now this get ripple list we need to call as this get ripple list we need to call as this get ripple list we need to call as soon as you open this dialogue. soon as you open this dialogue. soon as you open this dialogue. So here we'll say get repo list and then So here we'll say get repo list and then So here we'll say get repo list and then save it. Now if I go back and I will save it. Now if I go back and I will save it. Now if I go back and I will open the inspect panel as well. So you open the inspect panel as well. So you open the inspect panel as well. So you can see the console and click add repo. can see the console and click add repo. can see the console and click add repo. Now obviously I don't know uh nothing Now obviously I don't know uh nothing Now obviously I don't know uh nothing happened. Let me retry it with the happened. Let me retry it with the happened. Let me retry it with the network tab. network tab. network tab. We'll clean everything and click add We'll clean everything and click add We'll clean everything and click add repo. Oh, that's weird. Or maybe it's repo. Oh, that's weird. Or maybe it's repo. Oh, that's weird. Or maybe it's executing immediately. I'm not sure. executing immediately. I'm not sure. executing immediately. I'm not sure. Okay, so over here if you see it's Okay, so over here if you see it's Okay, so over here if you see it's already calling this repo API endpoint already calling this repo API endpoint already calling this repo API endpoint and currently it's showing pending. and currently it's showing pending. and currently it's showing pending. So somehow it failing. I'm not sure So somehow it failing. I'm not sure So somehow it failing. I'm not sure exactly but still showing pending. So exactly but still showing pending. So exactly but still showing pending. So for error you can simply go ahead and for error you can simply go ahead and for error you can simply go ahead and check it the console. check it the console. check it the console. So I don't see any error yet. So let's So I don't see any error yet. So let's So I don't see any error yet. So let's check what is the issue. So right now check what is the issue. So right now check what is the issue. So right now over here if you see uh it's supposed to over here if you see uh it's supposed to over here if you see uh it's supposed to be accept. So there is spelling mistake. be accept. So there is spelling mistake. be accept. So there is spelling mistake. And one more thing I found over here And one more thing I found over here And one more thing I found over here this need to be and and your query this need to be and and your query this need to be and and your query parameter. Okay. Now let's test this parameter. Okay. Now let's test this parameter. Okay. Now let's test this out. So I will again open the inspect out. So I will again open the inspect out. So I will again open the inspect panel console. Oh sorry go to the panel console. Oh sorry go to the panel console. Oh sorry go to the network tab network tab network tab and refresh it. And right now if you see and refresh it. And right now if you see and refresh it. And right now if you see we got the repo. Perfect. Now inside we got the repo. Perfect. Now inside we got the repo. Perfect. Now inside this you will see the all the list of this you will see the all the list of this you will see the all the list of repo. And right now I have 98 um repo. And right now I have 98 um repo. And right now I have 98 um different different repo and each repo different different repo and each repo different different repo and each repo has a different fields. So in that one has a different fields. So in that one has a different fields. So in that one you will see a comment URL, compare URL you will see a comment URL, compare URL you will see a comment URL, compare URL and many other things. Right now we and many other things. Right now we and many other things. Right now we really don't need all of this really don't need all of this really don't need all of this information so that you can even um information so that you can even um information so that you can even um just map it with the proper data. So just map it with the proper data. So just map it with the proper data. So what we can do once we returning the what we can do once we returning the what we can do once we returning the data instead of passing all of the uh data instead of passing all of the uh data instead of passing all of the uh data we just we just need uh some of data we just we just need uh some of data we just we just need uh some of them. So what we can do we can say map them. So what we can do we can say map them. So what we can do we can say map and we'll say r and then we'll say id of r dot id for a and then we'll say id of r dot id for a and then we'll say id of r dot id for a name we'll say name dot r name with a name we'll say name dot r name with a name we'll say name dot r name with a full name then whether is a private or full name then whether is a private or full name then whether is a private or not along with the html URL uh you can not along with the html URL uh you can not along with the html URL uh you can even add a description updated at then even add a description updated at then even add a description updated at then the owner uh it's not really necessary the owner uh it's not really necessary the owner uh it's not really necessary but you can just ignore the owner for but you can just ignore the owner for but you can just ignore the owner for now but I think that's all we needed. Uh now but I think that's all we needed. Uh now but I think that's all we needed. Uh if you want you can add a language as a if you want you can add a language as a if you want you can add a language as a R dot language R dot language R dot language and then the most important thing we'll and then the most important thing we'll and then the most important thing we'll pass a default branch as R dot default pass a default branch as R dot default pass a default branch as R dot default branch here we'll say R dot map and then branch here we'll say R dot map and then branch here we'll say R dot map and then we'll close it here and save it. Now if we'll close it here and save it. Now if we'll close it here and save it. Now if I refresh it, let me close and let's I refresh it, let me close and let's I refresh it, let me close and let's refresh it again. refresh it again. refresh it again. Then in that case in the network tab Then in that case in the network tab Then in that case in the network tab under for this repo. Okay, under for this repo. Okay, under for this repo. Okay, we got the data. But now in that case we got the data. But now in that case we got the data. But now in that case we'll see the proper data not all of we'll see the proper data not all of we'll see the proper data not all of them. Perfect. Right now once you click them. Perfect. Right now once you click them. Perfect. Right now once you click add repo, we need to make sure that name add repo, we need to make sure that name add repo, we need to make sure that name of the repo, the HTML URL, id everything of the repo, the HTML URL, id everything of the repo, the HTML URL, id everything gets saved to our uh database. Here I gets saved to our uh database. Here I gets saved to our uh database. Here I will also get the owner who is the owner will also get the owner who is the owner will also get the owner who is the owner of that repo. So we'll say owner dot login and then save it. Perfect. Now dot login and then save it. Perfect. Now dot login and then save it. Perfect. Now um also we want to save this information um also we want to save this information um also we want to save this information to our database as well. And currently to our database as well. And currently to our database as well. And currently we don't have any table which will hold we don't have any table which will hold we don't have any table which will hold added repo. So here we'll say export added repo. So here we'll say export added repo. So here we'll say export constant constant constant repository. So here say pg table with a repository. So here say pg table with a repository. So here say pg table with a repo. Then inside that we need to add a repo. Then inside that we need to add a repo. Then inside that we need to add a different column. So first is ID. Then different column. So first is ID. Then different column. So first is ID. Then you can add a user ID uh which is belong you can add a user ID uh which is belong you can add a user ID uh which is belong to this user. Okay. So this is how you to this user. Okay. So this is how you to this user. Okay. So this is how you have to add it. So you have to give the have to add it. So you have to give the have to add it. So you have to give the user ID reference and then we'll say user ID reference and then we'll say user ID reference and then we'll say user do ID which is not null. After that user do ID which is not null. After that user do ID which is not null. After that we'll add a repo id the name full name we'll add a repo id the name full name we'll add a repo id the name full name the private HTML URL description. So the private HTML URL description. So the private HTML URL description. So whatever you are getting inside this you whatever you are getting inside this you whatever you are getting inside this you can simply add that one. Okay can simply add that one. Okay can simply add that one. Okay something like this. And I think let's something like this. And I think let's something like this. And I think let's add remaining one which is owner text do add remaining one which is owner text do add remaining one which is owner text do owner which is not null. I think that's owner which is not null. I think that's owner which is not null. I think that's all we needed and then save. Now each of all we needed and then save. Now each of all we needed and then save. Now each of the repo ID will generate a unique ID as the repo ID will generate a unique ID as the repo ID will generate a unique ID as well. Okay. So right now if you see well. Okay. So right now if you see well. Okay. So right now if you see based on our table it will generated or based on our table it will generated or based on our table it will generated or you can use this repo id because that you can use this repo id because that you can use this repo id because that also a unique one. Next once you add also a unique one. Next once you add also a unique one. Next once you add this new table you have to push it. So this new table you have to push it. So this new table you have to push it. So you can simply run a command npx drizzle you can simply run a command npx drizzle you can simply run a command npx drizzle kit push. Okay. And once it pushed if kit push. Okay. And once it pushed if kit push. Okay. And once it pushed if there is any error obviously it will there is any error obviously it will there is any error obviously it will show it otherwise it will say changes show it otherwise it will say changes show it otherwise it will say changes applied and you can always uh check it applied and you can always uh check it applied and you can always uh check it inside your dri studio locally by inside your dri studio locally by inside your dri studio locally by running this command and it will open running this command and it will open running this command and it will open the dual studio locally over here if you the dual studio locally over here if you the dual studio locally over here if you see the new table added along with all see the new table added along with all see the new table added along with all the column. the column. the column. Now Now Now on the back end side only. on the back end side only. on the back end side only. So So So once we get the list obviously we need once we get the list obviously we need once we get the list obviously we need to return this list first and then we'll to return this list first and then we'll to return this list first and then we'll add the data. So once we get the repol add the data. So once we get the repol add the data. So once we get the repol list here we'll create a new uh state list here we'll create a new uh state list here we'll create a new uh state called repo list. called repo list. called repo list. Here we'll say use state. Make sure to Here we'll say use state. Make sure to Here we'll say use state. Make sure to import that. import that. import that. And we need to provide a type for that. And we need to provide a type for that. And we need to provide a type for that. So here we'll say type repo and I will So here we'll say type repo and I will So here we'll say type repo and I will add all of this type as it is. add all of this type as it is. add all of this type as it is. So I think let me copy that. So I think let me copy that. So I think let me copy that. So we have updated add language. Oh this So we have updated add language. Oh this So we have updated add language. Oh this need to be language default branch owner language default branch owner language default branch owner language language language default branch and owner. So all of this default branch and owner. So all of this default branch and owner. So all of this information I added now and then information I added now and then information I added now and then I will provide I will provide I will provide a repo which is a list so that you can a repo which is a list so that you can a repo which is a list so that you can simply save the data. So we'll say simply save the data. So we'll say simply save the data. So we'll say result dot data and save all this file result dot data and save all this file result dot data and save all this file as well. Now let's display all of this as well. Now let's display all of this as well. Now let's display all of this list. So inside this repo list first I list. So inside this repo list first I list. So inside this repo list first I want to add a input box which will want to add a input box which will want to add a input box which will basically basically basically uh help us to search the repo and then uh help us to search the repo and then uh help us to search the repo and then we want to add the list. So let's define we want to add the list. So let's define we want to add the list. So let's define the list first. So the list first. So the list first. So we'll add ul tag and then we'll say we'll add ul tag and then we'll say we'll add ul tag and then we'll say repolist repolist repolist dot map inside that we'll say repo arrow dot map inside that we'll say repo arrow dot map inside that we'll say repo arrow function function function and then inside that we'll say li tag and then inside that we'll say li tag and then inside that we'll say li tag and then we'll say and then we'll say and then we'll say repo dot full name repo dot full name repo dot full name and if you want to add any other things and if you want to add any other things and if you want to add any other things you can add that you can add that you can add that Let's save it and let's see how it looks Let's save it and let's see how it looks Let's save it and let's see how it looks on the dialogue. So if I click add repo, on the dialogue. So if I click add repo, on the dialogue. So if I click add repo, you will see this list. Obviously it's you will see this list. Obviously it's you will see this list. Obviously it's not structured very well yet. So over not structured very well yet. So over not structured very well yet. So over here we'll add a class name. We'll say here we'll add a class name. We'll say here we'll add a class name. We'll say maximum height let's say 60 and overflow maximum height let's say 60 and overflow maximum height let's say 60 and overflow y at so it will add a scroll bar as y at so it will add a scroll bar as y at so it will add a scroll bar as well. So if you see we have the proper well. So if you see we have the proper well. So if you see we have the proper scroll bar then scroll bar then scroll bar then so for this LI tag we'll add a class so for this LI tag we'll add a class so for this LI tag we'll add a class name and then we'll add some padding. So name and then we'll add some padding. So name and then we'll add some padding. So let's say padding to four let's say padding to four let's say padding to four then we'll add a border bottom then we'll add a border bottom then we'll add a border bottom so that if you see we have this so that if you see we have this so that if you see we have this beautiful scroll for this ul we'll add a beautiful scroll for this ul we'll add a beautiful scroll for this ul we'll add a border and we'll make rounded to 2xL. border and we'll make rounded to 2xL. border and we'll make rounded to 2xL. Okay. So it will be easy to search it. Okay. So it will be easy to search it. Okay. So it will be easy to search it. Let make it Excel only for now. After Let make it Excel only for now. After Let make it Excel only for now. After that that that uh just above this I want to add an uh just above this I want to add an uh just above this I want to add an input box. So input box. So input box. So in order to add a input you can use a in order to add a input you can use a in order to add a input you can use a shadian input component. So I will go to shadian input component. So I will go to shadian input component. So I will go to the shadian and just search for this the shadian and just search for this the shadian and just search for this input component. Um this is how you can input component. Um this is how you can input component. Um this is how you can add it. So copy this command. add it. So copy this command. add it. So copy this command. So you have to add if it's not there So you have to add if it's not there So you have to add if it's not there otherwise you don't need to add here otherwise you don't need to add here otherwise you don't need to add here we'll say yes to proceed and then in we'll say yes to proceed and then in we'll say yes to proceed and then in order to use it can simply use an input order to use it can simply use an input order to use it can simply use an input I don't know whether it's install or not I don't know whether it's install or not I don't know whether it's install or not so let's see okay now it's ready to use so let's see okay now it's ready to use so let's see okay now it's ready to use so here we'll say input component so here we'll say input component so here we'll say input component and inside that we'll say placeholder and inside that we'll say placeholder and inside that we'll say placeholder and then we'll say search repo by Okay. So, let's go back to our app. And now we So, let's go back to our app. And now we So, let's go back to our app. And now we have this search bar. have this search bar. have this search bar. Let's add some margin top to this one. Let's add some margin top to this one. Let's add some margin top to this one. And here you can easily search it. Now, And here you can easily search it. Now, And here you can easily search it. Now, whenever I type something, right, we whenever I type something, right, we whenever I type something, right, we have to make sure it will search. And have to make sure it will search. And have to make sure it will search. And whenever I hover on on any of these whenever I hover on on any of these whenever I hover on on any of these element, I want to show some kind of element, I want to show some kind of element, I want to show some kind of background color. So background color. So background color. So maybe over here we'll say on hover maybe over here we'll say on hover maybe over here we'll say on hover change background to let's say change background to let's say change background to let's say foreground color. foreground color. foreground color. Oh, foreground is too dark. Uh Oh, foreground is too dark. Uh Oh, foreground is too dark. Uh or let's do one thing. Let's change this or let's do one thing. Let's change this or let's do one thing. Let's change this to gray 100. to gray 100. to gray 100. Perfect. Okay. And you can even change Perfect. Okay. And you can even change Perfect. Okay. And you can even change this to a cursor this to a cursor this to a cursor pointer. Also whenever user select any pointer. Also whenever user select any pointer. Also whenever user select any repo we need to store in uh in one of repo we need to store in uh in one of repo we need to store in uh in one of the state. So here we'll say selected the state. So here we'll say selected the state. So here we'll say selected repo repo repo comma set comma set comma set selected repo is equal to use state and then we can also add a condition for and then we can also add a condition for and then we can also add a condition for the selected one. So I will add inside the selected one. So I will add inside the selected one. So I will add inside the curly braces something like this. in the curly braces something like this. in the curly braces something like this. in order to add a conditional um tailwind order to add a conditional um tailwind order to add a conditional um tailwind CSS class and here we can write a CSS class and here we can write a CSS class and here we can write a condition. So here we'll say selected condition. So here we'll say selected condition. So here we'll say selected repo dot u we can say id matches repo dot u we can say id matches repo dot u we can say id matches with the current report dot id in that with the current report dot id in that with the current report dot id in that case we need to add a background gray case we need to add a background gray case we need to add a background gray let's say 100 otherwise null and save it let's say 100 otherwise null and save it let's say 100 otherwise null and save it now if I click on add repo and select now if I click on add repo and select now if I click on add repo and select any repo right oh so we don't have on any repo right oh so we don't have on any repo right oh so we don't have on click event because on click of it we click event because on click of it we click event because on click of it we want to save in that state right so want to save in that state right so want to save in that state right so basically here we'll add on click event basically here we'll add on click event basically here we'll add on click event and whenever user click on it right so and whenever user click on it right so and whenever user click on it right so we'll set the selected repo as we'll set the selected repo as we'll set the selected repo as the repo the repo the repo so that when you click on it you will so that when you click on it you will so that when you click on it you will see now it's showing it as a selected see now it's showing it as a selected see now it's showing it as a selected one perfect so whichever you select it one perfect so whichever you select it one perfect so whichever you select it will show in a highlighted way after will show in a highlighted way after will show in a highlighted way after that uh let's add a search criteria so that uh let's add a search criteria so that uh let's add a search criteria so we have this input and here we'll say we have this input and here we'll say we have this input and here we'll say onchange onchange we have to store uh onchange onchange we have to store uh onchange onchange we have to store uh the user entered input. So obviously the user entered input. So obviously the user entered input. So obviously inside the onchange it will emit the inside the onchange it will emit the inside the onchange it will emit the event and in order to store in a state event and in order to store in a state event and in order to store in a state so here we'll say constant search term so here we'll say constant search term so here we'll say constant search term and then we'll set the use state u the and then we'll set the use state u the and then we'll set the use state u the default is string here we'll say set default is string here we'll say set default is string here we'll say set search term with the event dot target search term with the event dot target search term with the event dot target dot value dot value dot value and as soon as it start changing then we and as soon as it start changing then we and as soon as it start changing then we have to immediately uh filter that out. have to immediately uh filter that out. have to immediately uh filter that out. So over here we'll say constant filtered filtered filtered repo list repo list repo list is equal to use memo. So we going to use is equal to use memo. So we going to use is equal to use memo. So we going to use a memo to remember the value and then a memo to remember the value and then a memo to remember the value and then inside that we'll say constant query is inside that we'll say constant query is inside that we'll say constant query is equal to uh search term dot trim equal to uh search term dot trim equal to uh search term dot trim dot lower case and then if there is a no dot lower case and then if there is a no dot lower case and then if there is a no query then it will return the complete query then it will return the complete query then it will return the complete repo list otherwise repo list otherwise repo list otherwise we'll say repolist we'll say repolist we'll say repolist dot filter and then inside that we'll dot filter and then inside that we'll dot filter and then inside that we'll say repo I will say just R say repo I will say just R say repo I will say just R uh easy to understand so R dot full name uh easy to understand so R dot full name uh easy to understand so R dot full name dot to lower case dot includes query I think that's all we dot includes query I think that's all we dot includes query I think that's all we need okay but if you want to add on need okay but if you want to add on need okay but if you want to add on multiple condition you can add that too multiple condition you can add that too multiple condition you can add that too and over here as we are using memo and over here as we are using memo and over here as we are using memo obviously we need to execute whenever obviously we need to execute whenever obviously we need to execute whenever this search term and repo list is this search term and repo list is this search term and repo list is changed okay So whenever the search term changed okay So whenever the search term changed okay So whenever the search term change and repo list change you have to change and repo list change you have to change and repo list change you have to use uh or you have to execute this use uh or you have to execute this use uh or you have to execute this filter list. Now obviously uh instead of filter list. Now obviously uh instead of filter list. Now obviously uh instead of iterating the repo list now we'll iterating the repo list now we'll iterating the repo list now we'll iterate this filtered repo list. So I iterate this filtered repo list. So I iterate this filtered repo list. So I will replace with the filter repo list. will replace with the filter repo list. will replace with the filter repo list. And now if I click add repo obviously And now if I click add repo obviously And now if I click add repo obviously we'll see the uh repo but here if I t we'll see the uh repo but here if I t we'll see the uh repo but here if I t start typing right you will see u I'm start typing right you will see u I'm start typing right you will see u I'm able to search it quickly. Perfect. able to search it quickly. Perfect. able to search it quickly. Perfect. Right. And once you select that on the Right. And once you select that on the Right. And once you select that on the click of add button we want to save it click of add button we want to save it click of add button we want to save it to our database. to our database. to our database. So let's add that. So over here we'll So let's add that. So over here we'll So let's add that. So over here we'll say on click say on click say on click save repo to db save repo to db save repo to db and this method we need to create and this method we need to create and this method we need to create because we don't have this method. So I because we don't have this method. So I because we don't have this method. So I will say constant save to database will say constant save to database will say constant save to database and inside that and inside that and inside that uh either you can call an API endpoint. uh either you can call an API endpoint. uh either you can call an API endpoint. You can directly save but it's always You can directly save but it's always You can directly save but it's always good to call an API endpoint for that. good to call an API endpoint for that. good to call an API endpoint for that. So I will create a new endpoint inside So I will create a new endpoint inside So I will create a new endpoint inside the API and inside that we'll say user the API and inside that we'll say user the API and inside that we'll say user repo. Inside the user repo, we'll create repo. Inside the user repo, we'll create repo. Inside the user repo, we'll create a route. a route. a route. TS file. And then TS file. And then TS file. And then here we say export here we say export here we say export a sync function. And this need to be a a sync function. And this need to be a a sync function. And this need to be a post request. So we'll say post post request. So we'll say post post request. So we'll say post request of type next request. and the arrow function inside this uh and the arrow function inside this uh and the arrow function inside this uh whichever the repo we uh we want to pass whichever the repo we uh we want to pass whichever the repo we uh we want to pass all of this information we need to save all of this information we need to save all of this information we need to save so we'll say constant and we so we'll say constant and we so we'll say constant and we destructurize this so we'll say repo destructurize this so we'll say repo destructurize this so we'll say repo id then I basically I need all of these id then I basically I need all of these id then I basically I need all of these query params so basically all of this I query params so basically all of this I query params so basically all of this I want so we'll say ID name full name so want so we'll say ID name full name so want so we'll say ID name full name so we'll say ID name then full name. we'll say ID name then full name. we'll say ID name then full name. Then what else we have? Private HTML Then what else we have? Private HTML Then what else we have? Private HTML URL. URL. URL. Private comma HTML URL. Private comma HTML URL. Private comma HTML URL. Then description language. Then description language. Then description language. Description, Description, Description, language, comma, updated add. language, comma, updated add. language, comma, updated add. Let me see. Updated add default branch Let me see. Updated add default branch Let me see. Updated add default branch and owner. and owner. and owner. Updated add default branch and owner. Updated add default branch and owner. Updated add default branch and owner. And then that we will get it from the And then that we will get it from the And then that we will get it from the request dot JSON. Okay, so all of this request dot JSON. Okay, so all of this request dot JSON. Okay, so all of this value we need it. Um I'm not sure about value we need it. Um I'm not sure about value we need it. Um I'm not sure about this private. Okay, private we also need this private. Okay, private we also need this private. Okay, private we also need that. But private is a reserved word. that. But private is a reserved word. that. But private is a reserved word. Oh, that's interesting because we cannot Oh, that's interesting because we cannot Oh, that's interesting because we cannot use the private like this. So what we use the private like this. So what we use the private like this. So what we can do? we'll say underscore can do? we'll say underscore can do? we'll say underscore for this private and while you are for this private and while you are for this private and while you are returning the data from the GitHub repo returning the data from the GitHub repo returning the data from the GitHub repo right here as well I will return it as a right here as well I will return it as a right here as well I will return it as a underscore okay so when you are getting underscore okay so when you are getting underscore okay so when you are getting the data you will send it as a private the data you will send it as a private the data you will send it as a private underscore perfect now once you have all underscore perfect now once you have all underscore perfect now once you have all of this information so it's totally up to you whether you so it's totally up to you whether you so it's totally up to you whether you want to dstructureize or not okay and want to dstructureize or not okay and want to dstructureize or not okay and now we'll say constant now we'll say constant now we'll say constant result is equal to await db dot insert result is equal to await db dot insert result is equal to await db dot insert and then we want to insert into a repo and then we want to insert into a repo and then we want to insert into a repo uh repo table. So we'll say repository uh repo table. So we'll say repository uh repo table. So we'll say repository from the DB schema. I will just verify from the DB schema. I will just verify from the DB schema. I will just verify once that's correct table name. So it's once that's correct table name. So it's once that's correct table name. So it's a repository dot values and inside this a repository dot values and inside this a repository dot values and inside this value you have to add each value one by value you have to add each value one by value you have to add each value one by one. So first we have the repo id as it one. So first we have the repo id as it one. So first we have the repo id as it is. Then uh we don't have the user ID is. Then uh we don't have the user ID is. Then uh we don't have the user ID here. This ID here. This ID here. This ID we'll mention it as a user ID. So we'll we'll mention it as a user ID. So we'll we'll mention it as a user ID. So we'll add user ID. Then the name full name. add user ID. Then the name full name. add user ID. Then the name full name. Then for private we'll say private or Then for private we'll say private or Then for private we'll say private or not. So it belong to one or zero. Then not. So it belong to one or zero. Then not. So it belong to one or zero. Then HTML description language and owner. So HTML description language and owner. So HTML description language and owner. So all of these value you have to add it. all of these value you have to add it. all of these value you have to add it. Uh for this I will add ts ignore for now Uh for this I will add ts ignore for now Uh for this I will add ts ignore for now and then save it. So this will actually and then save it. So this will actually and then save it. So this will actually save our information and you can return save our information and you can return save our information and you can return the inserted record. So over here we'll the inserted record. So over here we'll the inserted record. So over here we'll say return next response dot JSON and say return next response dot JSON and say return next response dot JSON and result of zero. So this need to be a result of zero. So this need to be a result of zero. So this need to be a return and then save it. Now make sure return and then save it. Now make sure return and then save it. Now make sure when you call this API endpoint you will when you call this API endpoint you will when you call this API endpoint you will pass the user ID. Okay, that user ID pass the user ID. Okay, that user ID pass the user ID. Okay, that user ID nothing but not a cler ID. This need to nothing but not a cler ID. This need to nothing but not a cler ID. This need to be a database uh record ID. Now once be a database uh record ID. Now once be a database uh record ID. Now once your API endpoint is ready to insert the your API endpoint is ready to insert the your API endpoint is ready to insert the record, we'll go back to our record, we'll go back to our record, we'll go back to our uh repo dialogue where we have the saved uh repo dialogue where we have the saved uh repo dialogue where we have the saved report to database. So here we'll say if report to database. So here we'll say if report to database. So here we'll say if there is no selected repo uh repo then there is no selected repo uh repo then there is no selected repo uh repo then we'll return nothing otherwise we'll say we'll return nothing otherwise we'll say we'll return nothing otherwise we'll say con result is equal to await aios.post con result is equal to await aios.post con result is equal to await aios.post post and we'll call API/ user repo and post and we'll call API/ user repo and post and we'll call API/ user repo and inside that we have to add all of this inside that we have to add all of this inside that we have to add all of this information as it is. Okay. Then we have information as it is. Okay. Then we have information as it is. Okay. Then we have to add user ID. For the user ID we need to add user ID. For the user ID we need to add user ID. For the user ID we need to get a user information on this to get a user information on this to get a user information on this dialogue and from the context you'll you dialogue and from the context you'll you dialogue and from the context you'll you can get it. So we'll say user detail use can get it. So we'll say user detail use can get it. So we'll say user detail use context make sure to import that and context make sure to import that and context make sure to import that and then we'll say user detail context from then we'll say user detail context from then we'll say user detail context from the user detail. So we have user detail the user detail. So we have user detail the user detail. So we have user detail dot id. dot id. dot id. After that I think we need to pass owner After that I think we need to pass owner After that I think we need to pass owner as a selected repo owner. Let's see what as a selected repo owner. Let's see what as a selected repo owner. Let's see what else u we need to pass. Updated add then else u we need to pass. Updated add then else u we need to pass. Updated add then language. language. language. So we'll say updated add So we'll say updated add So we'll say updated add then language as selected repo. language then language as selected repo. language then language as selected repo. language and default branch. As we are using aait and default branch. As we are using aait and default branch. As we are using aait I will mark this as a async. Now make I will mark this as a async. Now make I will mark this as a async. Now make sure whatever the field you are passing sure whatever the field you are passing sure whatever the field you are passing and obviously here we are fetching that and obviously here we are fetching that and obviously here we are fetching that and then you are inserting it as simple and then you are inserting it as simple and then you are inserting it as simple as that. Now let's test this out. Uh as that. Now let's test this out. Uh as that. Now let's test this out. Uh before testing I will just console the before testing I will just console the before testing I will just console the result. So we'll say result dot data and result. So we'll say result dot data and result. So we'll say result dot data and when you uh insert it right we have to when you uh insert it right we have to when you uh insert it right we have to make sure you will show some kind of make sure you will show some kind of make sure you will show some kind of notification message as well as uh you notification message as well as uh you notification message as well as uh you can you have to close this dialogue. can you have to close this dialogue. can you have to close this dialogue. Okay. Now in order to close a dialogue Okay. Now in order to close a dialogue Okay. Now in order to close a dialogue there is a couple of way that you have there is a couple of way that you have there is a couple of way that you have to do it. So first we'll define a to do it. So first we'll define a to do it. So first we'll define a constant and here we'll say is open constant and here we'll say is open constant and here we'll say is open comma set is open and by default to comma set is open and by default to comma set is open and by default to false. Now once you insert the record false. Now once you insert the record false. Now once you insert the record we'll set the is open to false and to we'll set the is open to false and to we'll set the is open to false and to this dialogue you have to pass this dialogue you have to pass this dialogue you have to pass a open field and then we'll say is open. a open field and then we'll say is open. a open field and then we'll say is open. Okay. And whenever the open change, Okay. And whenever the open change, Okay. And whenever the open change, there is another field called on there is another field called on there is another field called on open change. And that time we have to open change. And that time we have to open change. And that time we have to set open to true. Okay. So that's how set open to true. Okay. So that's how set open to true. Okay. So that's how you have to do it. So let's save it and you have to do it. So let's save it and you have to do it. So let's save it and uh once it is inserted right we have to uh once it is inserted right we have to uh once it is inserted right we have to make sure that our homepage will also make sure that our homepage will also make sure that our homepage will also get refreshed. get refreshed. get refreshed. So over here we'll say set refresh page So over here we'll say set refresh page So over here we'll say set refresh page and then we'll pass it as a true. and then we'll pass it as a true. and then we'll pass it as a true. Basically once it is in uh insert right Basically once it is in uh insert right Basically once it is in uh insert right we have to pass this we have to pass this we have to pass this set is refreshed set is refreshed set is refreshed with a type boolean. Okay so that's what with a type boolean. Okay so that's what with a type boolean. Okay so that's what I provide the type and then save it. So I provide the type and then save it. So I provide the type and then save it. So inside the workspace now I can accept inside the workspace now I can accept inside the workspace now I can accept this set refresh this set refresh this set refresh here will say refresh of type boolean here will say refresh of type boolean here will say refresh of type boolean and then I will for now I will just and then I will for now I will just and then I will for now I will just console it as a refresh. Perfect. Now console it as a refresh. Perfect. Now console it as a refresh. Perfect. Now test this out. So I will go back inside test this out. So I will go back inside test this out. So I will go back inside the inspect panel. You can see the error the inspect panel. You can see the error the inspect panel. You can see the error if you find anything but click add repo. if you find anything but click add repo. if you find anything but click add repo. You can search any repo you want. And You can search any repo you want. And You can search any repo you want. And once you select it, you can click add. once you select it, you can click add. once you select it, you can click add. Right now if you see we have some Right now if you see we have some Right now if you see we have some internal server error 500 means. So it internal server error 500 means. So it internal server error 500 means. So it means we have error inside our API means we have error inside our API means we have error inside our API endpoint. So you can always check the endpoint. So you can always check the endpoint. So you can always check the API endpoint error inside the terminal API endpoint error inside the terminal API endpoint error inside the terminal and it's saying the invalid time value. and it's saying the invalid time value. and it's saying the invalid time value. So basically uh inside our route, you So basically uh inside our route, you So basically uh inside our route, you don't need to pass this. You can just don't need to pass this. You can just don't need to pass this. You can just simply say updated at and save it and simply say updated at and save it and simply say updated at and save it and let's take this out again. So once you let's take this out again. So once you let's take this out again. So once you click add, oh we still have another click add, oh we still have another click add, oh we still have another error. So let's see why. So right now if you see we have an So right now if you see we have an So right now if you see we have an error. It's saying null value in a error. It's saying null value in a error. It's saying null value in a column updated at. So updated add column column updated at. So updated add column column updated at. So updated add column value might not have any value. So I value might not have any value. So I value might not have any value. So I will do one thing. I will remove this will do one thing. I will remove this will do one thing. I will remove this complete column because anyway we are complete column because anyway we are complete column because anyway we are not using that column anywhere. Now when not using that column anywhere. Now when not using that column anywhere. Now when you are updating your columns right you you are updating your columns right you you are updating your columns right you have to make sure you will update your have to make sure you will update your have to make sure you will update your uh schema and then you update your uh schema and then you update your uh schema and then you update your database by p running this command npm database by p running this command npm database by p running this command npm drik push. So basically it will remove drik push. So basically it will remove drik push. So basically it will remove that particular column. Okay. And now if that particular column. Okay. And now if that particular column. Okay. And now if I try to add it you will see the record I try to add it you will see the record I try to add it you will see the record is get added and uh on our workspace is get added and uh on our workspace is get added and uh on our workspace body it return true. It means it return body it return true. It means it return body it return true. It means it return uh to the main page and it's saying okay uh to the main page and it's saying okay uh to the main page and it's saying okay you have to refresh this page so that you have to refresh this page so that you have to refresh this page so that that repo list will display on this that repo list will display on this that repo list will display on this workspace uh page. Okay, but the workspace uh page. Okay, but the workspace uh page. Okay, but the interesting thing uh we successfully interesting thing uh we successfully interesting thing uh we successfully insert the record and now obviously you insert the record and now obviously you insert the record and now obviously you can verify by going to the repo and over can verify by going to the repo and over can verify by going to the repo and over here oh I don't know why it's okay we here oh I don't know why it's okay we here oh I don't know why it's okay we have to go to the instruct data format oh let me refresh this my bad because it oh let me refresh this my bad because it oh let me refresh this my bad because it has a old updated uh column and if you has a old updated uh column and if you has a old updated uh column and if you see we have all of this information like see we have all of this information like see we have all of this information like user ID repo ID all the information we user ID repo ID all the information we user ID repo ID all the information we want we saved it. Obviously, if the repo want we saved it. Obviously, if the repo want we saved it. Obviously, if the repo don't have description, that's don't have description, that's don't have description, that's completely fine. completely fine. completely fine. So that's how guys you have to fetch the So that's how guys you have to fetch the So that's how guys you have to fetch the repo from the user GitHub account and repo from the user GitHub account and repo from the user GitHub account and then uh we want to give an option to the then uh we want to give an option to the then uh we want to give an option to the user to add it inside your uh project user to add it inside your uh project user to add it inside your uh project and obviously we have to save it to your and obviously we have to save it to your and obviously we have to save it to your database. Now, now it's time to create a database. Now, now it's time to create a database. Now, now it's time to create a new branch and we'll push all our all new branch and we'll push all our all new branch and we'll push all our all our changes which we made in this our changes which we made in this our changes which we made in this chapter. So I will create a new branch chapter. So I will create a new branch chapter. So I will create a new branch and here we'll say uh fetch and here we'll say uh fetch and here we'll say uh fetch users GitHub users GitHub users GitHub reple list. reple list. reple list. Then hit enter. Make sure it's uh Then hit enter. Make sure it's uh Then hit enter. Make sure it's uh checked out and then you can give the checked out and then you can give the checked out and then you can give the commit message. Then you can stage all commit message. Then you can stage all commit message. Then you can stage all of these changes and simply say commit. of these changes and simply say commit. of these changes and simply say commit. And don't forget to publish your branch And don't forget to publish your branch And don't forget to publish your branch so that in your account you can create a so that in your account you can create a so that in your account you can create a new pull request. So if I refresh this new pull request. So if I refresh this new pull request. So if I refresh this we'll see this fetch user GitHub repo we'll see this fetch user GitHub repo we'll see this fetch user GitHub repo list. Click on it and simply click list. Click on it and simply click list. Click on it and simply click create pull request. Once you click the create pull request. Once you click the create pull request. Once you click the create pull request uh plan arc will create pull request uh plan arc will create pull request uh plan arc will start commenting on your PR without start commenting on your PR without start commenting on your PR without doing any further delay. And not only doing any further delay. And not only doing any further delay. And not only that in few minutes or a few seconds um that in few minutes or a few seconds um that in few minutes or a few seconds um you will see it also left a comment with you will see it also left a comment with you will see it also left a comment with a proper summary that what are the a proper summary that what are the a proper summary that what are the changes you made in this one and then changes you made in this one and then changes you made in this one and then you have some inline comment okay for you have some inline comment okay for you have some inline comment okay for your complete project. Now in inside your complete project. Now in inside your complete project. Now in inside this it will show what you implemented this it will show what you implemented this it will show what you implemented and properly. So it's implemented a and properly. So it's implemented a and properly. So it's implemented a GitHub repository fetch API to reter GitHub repository fetch API to reter GitHub repository fetch API to reter then added that selected repo into the then added that selected repo into the then added that selected repo into the database a repo dialogue to allow user database a repo dialogue to allow user database a repo dialogue to allow user to search and select repo. everything is to search and select repo. everything is to search and select repo. everything is mentioned properly and then once you're mentioned properly and then once you're mentioned properly and then once you're happy with all the changes you can merge happy with all the changes you can merge happy with all the changes you can merge that into your uh main branch and you that into your uh main branch and you that into your uh main branch and you can always go over here inside the plan can always go over here inside the plan can always go over here inside the plan arc to verify your arc to verify your arc to verify your running last running uh PR view report running last running uh PR view report running last running uh PR view report and inside the report you will see the and inside the report you will see the and inside the report you will see the complete report as well. Now it's time to display all the Now it's time to display all the Now it's time to display all the selected repo on your workspace page. selected repo on your workspace page. selected repo on your workspace page. And obviously first we only show the top And obviously first we only show the top And obviously first we only show the top section where you will see the repo name section where you will see the repo name section where you will see the repo name uh the branch and basic information. And uh the branch and basic information. And uh the branch and basic information. And then you have option to expand this. Uh then you have option to expand this. Uh then you have option to expand this. Uh this is just a mockup but uh once you this is just a mockup but uh once you this is just a mockup but uh once you expand it then you will see some status expand it then you will see some status expand it then you will see some status option and then your test cases as well. option and then your test cases as well. option and then your test cases as well. So let's go back to our application So let's go back to our application So let's go back to our application and inside that we we need to display and inside that we we need to display and inside that we we need to display it. So first thing we need to create the it. So first thing we need to create the it. So first thing we need to create the API endpoint to fetch the repo. So we API endpoint to fetch the repo. So we API endpoint to fetch the repo. So we already have API endpoint for the user already have API endpoint for the user already have API endpoint for the user repo. Inside that we'll add a get repo. Inside that we'll add a get repo. Inside that we'll add a get request. request. request. So I will say export So I will say export So I will say export constant constant constant function get function get function get and then we'll just add it something and then we'll just add it something and then we'll just add it something like this. Oh this need to be an export like this. Oh this need to be an export like this. Oh this need to be an export a sync function. Now here we will send a sync function. Now here we will send a sync function. Now here we will send request next request. Right now we are request next request. Right now we are request next request. Right now we are fetching all the user uh related uh fetching all the user uh related uh fetching all the user uh related uh added repo right from the database. So added repo right from the database. So added repo right from the database. So we don't really need a search parameter we don't really need a search parameter we don't really need a search parameter but we'll just add it later on if you but we'll just add it later on if you but we'll just add it later on if you need to fetch only repo info or record need to fetch only repo info or record need to fetch only repo info or record which belong to that particular repo id. which belong to that particular repo id. which belong to that particular repo id. But right now we don't really don't need But right now we don't really don't need But right now we don't really don't need it. Here we need to get a user ID. So we it. Here we need to get a user ID. So we it. Here we need to get a user ID. So we can get that user ID. So we'll say user can get that user ID. So we'll say user can get that user ID. So we'll say user ID is equal to search param dot get and ID is equal to search param dot get and ID is equal to search param dot get and then we'll say user ID. So obviously then we'll say user ID. So obviously then we'll say user ID. So obviously this search param we we are using to get this search param we we are using to get this search param we we are using to get the user ID. that user ID we are passing the user ID. that user ID we are passing the user ID. that user ID we are passing from the get request. Then here we'll from the get request. Then here we'll from the get request. Then here we'll say constant result is equal to await say constant result is equal to await say constant result is equal to await database dot select from then the table database dot select from then the table database dot select from then the table is repository is repository is repository dot here we'll say dot where and inside dot here we'll say dot where and inside dot here we'll say dot where and inside the where condition we'll add equal to the where condition we'll add equal to the where condition we'll add equal to and we have to compare it repository and we have to compare it repository and we have to compare it repository user ID and then our user ID okay so if user ID and then our user ID okay so if user ID and then our user ID okay so if user ID is not there uh we'll pass it as user ID is not there uh we'll pass it as user ID is not there uh we'll pass it as zero here uh maybe we can add ts ignore zero here uh maybe we can add ts ignore zero here uh maybe we can add ts ignore for this equal to and once we get the for this equal to and once we get the for this equal to and once we get the result result result then we can return it using next then we can return it using next then we can return it using next response dot result as simple as it is response dot result as simple as it is response dot result as simple as it is then we'll go back to our workspace page then we'll go back to our workspace page then we'll go back to our workspace page tsx where we have workspace body and tsx where we have workspace body and tsx where we have workspace body and inside that currently we are showing inside that currently we are showing inside that currently we are showing empty workspace right but now inside the empty workspace right but now inside the empty workspace right but now inside the workspace body we can fetch all of those workspace body we can fetch all of those workspace body we can fetch all of those um get post list right so here we'll say um get post list right so here we'll say um get post list right so here we'll say get repo list I will say get user repo get repo list I will say get user repo get repo list I will say get user repo list you get user added repo list and then inside that we can simply call and then inside that we can simply call and then inside that we can simply call this API endpoint so We will say exos this API endpoint so We will say exos this API endpoint so We will say exos dot get dot get dot get user id and user detail we already have user id and user detail we already have user id and user detail we already have which we are getting from the context we which we are getting from the context we which we are getting from the context we are passing to as a query parameter here are passing to as a query parameter here are passing to as a query parameter here we'll mark this as a a sync and this is we'll mark this as a a sync and this is we'll mark this as a a sync and this is a get request right now we'll simply a get request right now we'll simply a get request right now we'll simply return the result first we'll see what return the result first we'll see what return the result first we'll see what data we are getting now for this get data we are getting now for this get data we are getting now for this get user added repolish right instead of user added repolish right instead of user added repolish right instead of calling this inside the use effect we'll calling this inside the use effect we'll calling this inside the use effect we'll call inside the github user token call inside the github user token call inside the github user token because once we get the token then only because once we get the token then only because once we get the token then only it's better to fetch it. It's totally up it's better to fetch it. It's totally up it's better to fetch it. It's totally up to you or let's fetch it inside the use to you or let's fetch it inside the use to you or let's fetch it inside the use effect. Um because this is the repolish effect. Um because this is the repolish effect. Um because this is the repolish we are directly fetching from the we are directly fetching from the we are directly fetching from the database and not from the GitHub. So database and not from the GitHub. So database and not from the GitHub. So let's save it and obviously I will check let's save it and obviously I will check let's save it and obviously I will check inspect panel to verify whether we are inspect panel to verify whether we are inspect panel to verify whether we are getting the data inside the console or getting the data inside the console or getting the data inside the console or not. not. not. So right now if I refresh it So right now if I refresh it So right now if I refresh it you will see the data or this is the you will see the data or this is the you will see the data or this is the report dialog. Uh report dialog. Uh report dialog. Uh let me scroll down. Oh is this the one? I don't think so. Oh is this the one? I don't think so. Oh is this the one? I don't think so. Not not this one. Uh it look like we are Not not this one. Uh it look like we are Not not this one. Uh it look like we are not getting not getting not getting the data. We have an error 500. See so the data. We have an error 500. See so the data. We have an error 500. See so let's see why we are getting this error. let's see why we are getting this error. let's see why we are getting this error. So if I go to this bottom, you might see So if I go to this bottom, you might see So if I go to this bottom, you might see an error. an error. an error. Let me remove some console. So it's Let me remove some console. So it's Let me remove some console. So it's difficult to find it out. So from the difficult to find it out. So from the difficult to find it out. So from the repo route, I already have this console repo route, I already have this console repo route, I already have this console which I will remove it and then we'll which I will remove it and then we'll which I will remove it and then we'll refresh it so that we can see the proper refresh it so that we can see the proper refresh it so that we can see the proper error. So right now if you see it's error. So right now if you see it's error. So right now if you see it's saying an error at at a DB select and saying an error at at a DB select and saying an error at at a DB select and it's saying invalid input syntax for the it's saying invalid input syntax for the it's saying invalid input syntax for the undefined. So it look like that user ID undefined. So it look like that user ID undefined. So it look like that user ID is not get. So inside the workspace we is not get. So inside the workspace we is not get. So inside the workspace we have the user ID which you are passing. have the user ID which you are passing. have the user ID which you are passing. This is correct. This is correct. This is correct. Then we'll go to the user repo. Then we'll go to the user repo. Then we'll go to the user repo. Here we are fetching the user ID and Here we are fetching the user ID and Here we are fetching the user ID and this is the user ID. this is the user ID. this is the user ID. Let me remove that and let's save it. Let me remove that and let's save it. Let me remove that and let's save it. So basically u inside our database make So basically u inside our database make So basically u inside our database make sure you have this user id right. So we sure you have this user id right. So we sure you have this user id right. So we have that. have that. have that. Okay. The the reason that we are getting Okay. The the reason that we are getting Okay. The the reason that we are getting this undefined because u this context this undefined because u this context this undefined because u this context taking some time to fetch data and we taking some time to fetch data and we taking some time to fetch data and we are calling that immediately right. So are calling that immediately right. So are calling that immediately right. So maybe we'll add it inside the another maybe we'll add it inside the another maybe we'll add it inside the another use effect and we'll only execute use effect and we'll only execute use effect and we'll only execute when we have the user detail when we have the user detail when we have the user detail information. Okay. So here we'll say information. Okay. So here we'll say information. Okay. So here we'll say user detail is there user detail is there user detail is there then only call the then only call the then only call the um get user added rep list right. So now um get user added rep list right. So now um get user added rep list right. So now if I if I if I return it or if I fetch it again and return it or if I fetch it again and return it or if I fetch it again and then if I go to the console you will see then if I go to the console you will see then if I go to the console you will see the result. Okay. Now we have the repo the result. Okay. Now we have the repo the result. Okay. Now we have the repo which we added. Perfect. which we added. Perfect. which we added. Perfect. After that uh we need to save that added After that uh we need to save that added After that uh we need to save that added rep list in one state. So here we will rep list in one state. So here we will rep list in one state. So here we will say constant say constant say constant uh uh uh user rep list. So here we will say user user rep list. So here we will say user user rep list. So here we will say user rep list, set user repo list and use rep list, set user repo list and use rep list, set user repo list and use state. Here we need to define that type. state. Here we need to define that type. state. Here we need to define that type. So we if you remember we already have So we if you remember we already have So we if you remember we already have that type defined inside the report that type defined inside the report that type defined inside the report dialogue at the top. Here you can export dialogue at the top. Here you can export dialogue at the top. Here you can export this. So you don't need to define it this. So you don't need to define it this. So you don't need to define it again. Once you export you can directly again. Once you export you can directly again. Once you export you can directly use it. So here we'll say repo and then use it. So here we'll say repo and then use it. So here we'll say repo and then it's a array of string. So that's what it's a array of string. So that's what it's a array of string. So that's what we define. Now once you have the user we define. Now once you have the user we define. Now once you have the user repo list right um here u there are some repo list right um here u there are some repo list right um here u there are some parameter will not match. Maybe we need parameter will not match. Maybe we need parameter will not match. Maybe we need to create a separate type inside our to create a separate type inside our to create a separate type inside our workspace body. We cannot use this one workspace body. We cannot use this one workspace body. We cannot use this one because um the column which we added is because um the column which we added is because um the column which we added is different. Okay the result we are different. Okay the result we are different. Okay the result we are getting is little bit different. So getting is little bit different. So getting is little bit different. So let's add. So over here we'll say user let's add. So over here we'll say user let's add. So over here we'll say user repo repo repo as a new type and we'll define type at as a new type and we'll define type at as a new type and we'll define type at the top. So we'll say ID number, repo ID, full So we'll say ID number, repo ID, full So we'll say ID number, repo ID, full name and all of this information. Um we name and all of this information. Um we name and all of this information. Um we also add user ID, the language also add user ID, the language also add user ID, the language and default branch. Perfect. So that now and default branch. Perfect. So that now and default branch. Perfect. So that now we have the complete list. Now whenever we have the complete list. Now whenever we have the complete list. Now whenever the list is there we don't need to show the list is there we don't need to show the list is there we don't need to show this empty workspace page. So here we'll this empty workspace page. So here we'll this empty workspace page. So here we'll say uh if say uh if say uh if the user reple list is not there then the user reple list is not there then the user reple list is not there then only show the empty workspace uh only show the empty workspace uh only show the empty workspace uh otherwise we want to show otherwise for otherwise we want to show otherwise for otherwise we want to show otherwise for now I will say null. Okay. And now if I now I will say null. Okay. And now if I now I will say null. Okay. And now if I go back you will see that it's not go back you will see that it's not go back you will see that it's not showing because we have the um user showing because we have the um user showing because we have the um user added list. Now here we going to create added list. Now here we going to create added list. Now here we going to create a new component in order to display the a new component in order to display the a new component in order to display the GitHub repo. So here we will say user GitHub repo. So here we will say user GitHub repo. So here we will say user repo list.tsx add a default template and then we want add a default template and then we want add a default template and then we want to add that user repo list to add that user repo list to add that user repo list over here. Make sure to import that. Oh, I don't know what happened here. Let Oh, I don't know what happened here. Let Oh, I don't know what happened here. Let me user repol list. I think that's correct one. User repol I think that's correct one. User repol I think that's correct one. User repol list. We have to import it from the user list. We have to import it from the user list. We have to import it from the user rep list. Perfect. We forgot to import. rep list. Perfect. We forgot to import. rep list. Perfect. We forgot to import. Now we are good. Now here you will see Now we are good. Now here you will see Now we are good. Now here you will see the user repo list. Now let's go to the the user repo list. Now let's go to the the user repo list. Now let's go to the user repo list. And here we need to user repo list. And here we need to user repo list. And here we need to fetch all the rep list. So here we say fetch all the rep list. So here we say fetch all the rep list. So here we say user repo list or we'll just add repo user repo list or we'll just add repo user repo list or we'll just add repo list. list. list. Now uh I will provide a type as a props Now uh I will provide a type as a props Now uh I will provide a type as a props and we'll define a type and we'll define a type and we'll define a type props props props and from the workspace body I will and from the workspace body I will and from the workspace body I will export this type so that we can use it. export this type so that we can use it. export this type so that we can use it. So over here we'll say repo list of type So over here we'll say repo list of type So over here we'll say repo list of type user repo and it's a list. Perfect. And user repo and it's a list. Perfect. And user repo and it's a list. Perfect. And obviously don't forget to pass the uh obviously don't forget to pass the uh obviously don't forget to pass the uh user repo list. So here we'll say repo user repo list. So here we'll say repo user repo list. So here we'll say repo list as user repo list. So whatever the list as user repo list. So whatever the list as user repo list. So whatever the list we are saving right inside this list we are saving right inside this list we are saving right inside this state we have to pass it. But make sure state we have to pass it. But make sure state we have to pass it. But make sure don't forget to set the value once we don't forget to set the value once we don't forget to set the value once we get the user repol list from uh and this get the user repol list from uh and this get the user repol list from uh and this user repo list we need to pass to our user repo list we need to pass to our user repo list we need to pass to our new component. Now here we need to new component. Now here we need to new component. Now here we need to display it. So in order to display and display it. So in order to display and display it. So in order to display and add the functionality where you can add the functionality where you can add the functionality where you can expand this right on the click we are expand this right on the click we are expand this right on the click we are going to use a shhatian component called going to use a shhatian component called going to use a shhatian component called accordion. So if I expand this, you will accordion. So if I expand this, you will accordion. So if I expand this, you will see the hidden text error content as see the hidden text error content as see the hidden text error content as well. So that's how we want. So I will well. So that's how we want. So I will well. So that's how we want. So I will copy this npm package in order to copy this npm package in order to copy this npm package in order to install that. And then we're going to install that. And then we're going to install that. And then we're going to simply install it. Now for the example simply install it. Now for the example simply install it. Now for the example purpose, purpose, purpose, you can copy this example. Make sure to you can copy this example. Make sure to you can copy this example. Make sure to copy this import statement first and copy this import statement first and copy this import statement first and then copy this um accordion. So then copy this um accordion. So then copy this um accordion. So I will add first repo I will add first repo I will add first repo list dot map. Let me undo this repo list dot map. I will say repo, I will say repo, I will say repo, index and the arrow function and paste index and the arrow function and paste index and the arrow function and paste this accordion example. Now what it will this accordion example. Now what it will this accordion example. Now what it will do if you go back to our application do if you go back to our application do if you go back to our application somehow it's not showing this accordion somehow it's not showing this accordion somehow it's not showing this accordion now it displays see it okay so here we now it displays see it okay so here we now it displays see it okay so here we have option to expand that as well now have option to expand that as well now have option to expand that as well now let's update this uh so let's update this uh so let's update this uh so for the trigger I'm going to show a for the trigger I'm going to show a for the trigger I'm going to show a proper proper proper uh name of the repo so we'll say repo uh name of the repo so we'll say repo uh name of the repo so we'll say repo dot full name and then you will see the dot full name and then you will see the dot full name and then you will see the repository full name over here repository full name over here repository full name over here and for this accordion we'll say key as and for this accordion we'll say key as and for this accordion we'll say key as a index oh the field name is a full name a index oh the field name is a full name a index oh the field name is a full name okay so here I need to update this to okay so here I need to update this to okay so here I need to update this to full name full name full name uh HTML URL is also not underscore uh HTML URL is also not underscore uh HTML URL is also not underscore okay and I don't know why we are getting okay and I don't know why we are getting okay and I don't know why we are getting okay I think maybe we map the result so okay I think maybe we map the result so okay I think maybe we map the result so I We'll update that everywhere the I We'll update that everywhere the I We'll update that everywhere the default branch as well. Maybe now we'll get the full name. So it Maybe now we'll get the full name. So it Maybe now we'll get the full name. So it will display the full name. See will display the full name. See will display the full name. See something like this. Now I'm going to something like this. Now I'm going to something like this. Now I'm going to add some styling to this. add some styling to this. add some styling to this. So let's wrap it inside the div and inside the h2. We'll add that. Then and inside the h2. We'll add that. Then and inside the h2. We'll add that. Then here I'm going to add an image with a here I'm going to add an image with a here I'm going to add an image with a source. source. source. And here we'll add a GitHub.png And here we'll add a GitHub.png And here we'll add a GitHub.png image only. image only. image only. Alt we'll say GitHub and width I will Alt we'll say GitHub and width I will Alt we'll say GitHub and width I will say 20 height to 20. say 20 height to 20. say 20 height to 20. Now let's bring that everything in one Now let's bring that everything in one Now let's bring that everything in one line. So over here we'll say class name line. So over here we'll say class name line. So over here we'll say class name make it flex item make it flex item make it flex item uh to be in the center and gap to two uh to be in the center and gap to two uh to be in the center and gap to two for now. for now. for now. Okay. Okay. Okay. Then below that we are going to add Then below that we are going to add Then below that we are going to add uh some more information. So what I will uh some more information. So what I will uh some more information. So what I will do I will just do I will just do I will just add H2 tag or maybe sorry um the div and add H2 tag or maybe sorry um the div and add H2 tag or maybe sorry um the div and inside the div we'll add H2 and then inside the div we'll add H2 and then inside the div we'll add H2 and then here we'll add a P tag. here we'll add a P tag. here we'll add a P tag. Now inside the P p tag we'll add a Now inside the P p tag we'll add a Now inside the P p tag we'll add a branch name. So here we'll say repo dot branch name. So here we'll say repo dot branch name. So here we'll say repo dot uh default branch then we'll add a dot. uh default branch then we'll add a dot. uh default branch then we'll add a dot. So I already you can copy the paste this So I already you can copy the paste this So I already you can copy the paste this dot from anywhere. Then I want to add a dot from anywhere. Then I want to add a dot from anywhere. Then I want to add a repo language and updated at when it repo language and updated at when it repo language and updated at when it updated. But we do really don't need uh updated. But we do really don't need uh updated. But we do really don't need uh when it's updated. So I will remove when it's updated. So I will remove when it's updated. So I will remove that. that. that. And I think that's all we need for now. And I think that's all we need for now. And I think that's all we need for now. And if I save it, you will see this main And if I save it, you will see this main And if I save it, you will see this main and typescript. Perfect. So now for this and typescript. Perfect. So now for this and typescript. Perfect. So now for this do we'll add a class name. We'll make it do we'll add a class name. We'll make it do we'll add a class name. We'll make it flex. we'll make f column item to be in flex. we'll make f column item to be in flex. we'll make f column item to be in the center or we can say item to be in the center or we can say item to be in the center or we can say item to be in the start and gap to let's say one. Now the start and gap to let's say one. Now the start and gap to let's say one. Now for this H2 we'll make text excess. for this H2 we'll make text excess. for this H2 we'll make text excess. Okay. So we have and I can we can change Okay. So we have and I can we can change Okay. So we have and I can we can change the color let's say 500. So it will show the color let's say 500. So it will show the color let's say 500. So it will show little light. Uh this one we can make it little light. Uh this one we can make it little light. Uh this one we can make it little bit bigger. little bit bigger. little bit bigger. Perfect. And you can add more gap Perfect. And you can add more gap Perfect. And you can add more gap between this and this one. between this and this one. between this and this one. Perfect. Obviously, right now we only Perfect. Obviously, right now we only Perfect. Obviously, right now we only have one repo, but you can add more repo have one repo, but you can add more repo have one repo, but you can add more repo into this. For example, if I go over into this. For example, if I go over into this. For example, if I go over here and let's add this resume builder here and let's add this resume builder here and let's add this resume builder for example and click add. Now once you for example and click add. Now once you for example and click add. Now once you add it, if you see it's not refreshing add it, if you see it's not refreshing add it, if you see it's not refreshing immediately, right? So once you manually immediately, right? So once you manually immediately, right? So once you manually refresh it, then only you will see that refresh it, then only you will see that refresh it, then only you will see that information. So that's because uh if you information. So that's because uh if you information. So that's because uh if you remember inside our workspace body right remember inside our workspace body right remember inside our workspace body right when we have the repo dialogue we just when we have the repo dialogue we just when we have the repo dialogue we just console this log right but instead of console this log right but instead of console this log right but instead of that now we're going to call this get that now we're going to call this get that now we're going to call this get user added repo list okay so it will user added repo list okay so it will user added repo list okay so it will refresh it and then u we we will call this particular u we we will call this particular u we we will call this particular uh method so it will give you the uh method so it will give you the uh method so it will give you the updated one also u you can add a toast updated one also u you can add a toast updated one also u you can add a toast message to show a proper loading message to show a proper loading message to show a proper loading indicator. It's totally up to you how indicator. It's totally up to you how indicator. It's totally up to you how you want to handle it. But for now, I you want to handle it. But for now, I you want to handle it. But for now, I think this look much better. Now, um think this look much better. Now, um think this look much better. Now, um we'll add some border to this each of we'll add some border to this each of we'll add some border to this each of the accordion item. So, for this one, the accordion item. So, for this one, the accordion item. So, for this one, we'll add a class name and we'll add a we'll add a class name and we'll add a we'll add a class name and we'll add a border. We'll add a padding x to five and we'll make rounded to let's say and we'll make rounded to let's say and we'll make rounded to let's say excel and save it. Okay. Now, we don't excel and save it. Okay. Now, we don't excel and save it. Okay. Now, we don't need this outer border. So we can remove need this outer border. So we can remove need this outer border. So we can remove this outer border if you don't want so this outer border if you don't want so this outer border if you don't want so from the workspace. Um we want to remove from the workspace. Um we want to remove from the workspace. Um we want to remove this card content. Obviously it's added this card content. Obviously it's added this card content. Obviously it's added to complete one. So let's do one thing. to complete one. So let's do one thing. to complete one. So let's do one thing. Let's redesign this particular one. So Let's redesign this particular one. So Let's redesign this particular one. So when there is a empty workspace then when there is a empty workspace then when there is a empty workspace then only you can show the card. And now I only you can show the card. And now I only you can show the card. And now I will move out this over here. will move out this over here. will move out this over here. And now if you see we don't have card And now if you see we don't have card And now if you see we don't have card but obviously don't forget to um add but obviously don't forget to um add but obviously don't forget to um add some margin from the top some margin from the top some margin from the top something like this and something like this and something like this and I will also write here we'll say I will also write here we'll say I will also write here we'll say uh repo uh repo uh repo jitter we say margin y to three we say margin y to three we say margin y to three and text media or sorry font medium and save it. Perfect. So here you will and save it. Perfect. So here you will and save it. Perfect. So here you will see all your repo and you if you expand see all your repo and you if you expand see all your repo and you if you expand then you will see your uh all the then you will see your uh all the then you will see your uh all the content. Okay. Like how many test case content. Okay. Like how many test case content. Okay. Like how many test case and everything. So for now I hope you and everything. So for now I hope you and everything. So for now I hope you understand how we added this particular understand how we added this particular understand how we added this particular section. Now on the expand we want to section. Now on the expand we want to section. Now on the expand we want to add the remaining one which is the add the remaining one which is the add the remaining one which is the status and the list of test cases. status and the list of test cases. status and the list of test cases. Now for the status card. So in order to Now for the status card. So in order to Now for the status card. So in order to show this, I already wrote a code. Okay. show this, I already wrote a code. Okay. show this, I already wrote a code. Okay. So I created this status card uh as a So I created this status card uh as a So I created this status card uh as a new component and inside this you will new component and inside this you will new component and inside this you will see I'm just passing the icon and the see I'm just passing the icon and the see I'm just passing the icon and the title along with the value. Okay. So I title along with the value. Okay. So I title along with the value. Okay. So I will copy the status card as it is and will copy the status card as it is and will copy the status card as it is and you can even put it inside the user rep you can even put it inside the user rep you can even put it inside the user rep just below this. just below this. just below this. remove this string formatting and save remove this string formatting and save remove this string formatting and save it. After that, uh I also have the it. After that, uh I also have the it. After that, uh I also have the accordion content which will render the accordion content which will render the accordion content which will render the status card. So inside this content, status card. So inside this content, status card. So inside this content, we'll replace it with the content. You we'll replace it with the content. You we'll replace it with the content. You can get all of this code from the uh can get all of this code from the uh can get all of this code from the uh eraser doc. I will put the link in the eraser doc. I will put the link in the eraser doc. I will put the link in the description. So make sure to um copy and description. So make sure to um copy and description. So make sure to um copy and paste it here. And also I for the paste it here. And also I for the paste it here. And also I for the placeholder purpose you can add a total placeholder purpose you can add a total placeholder purpose you can add a total test pass test this value as it is and test pass test this value as it is and test pass test this value as it is and then make sure to add all of this icon then make sure to add all of this icon then make sure to add all of this icon from the lucid react. So import this from the lucid react. So import this from the lucid react. So import this statement just do the control space statement just do the control space statement just do the control space you'll get the suggestion and then make you'll get the suggestion and then make you'll get the suggestion and then make sure to import that once you save it. sure to import that once you save it. sure to import that once you save it. Now let import this button component Now let import this button component Now let import this button component along with the icon and save it. And if along with the icon and save it. And if along with the icon and save it. And if I go back to our application, you will I go back to our application, you will I go back to our application, you will see on expand we have this total test see on expand we have this total test see on expand we have this total test pass obviously all the status card and pass obviously all the status card and pass obviously all the status card and then option to generate the test case. then option to generate the test case. then option to generate the test case. On the click of this generate test case On the click of this generate test case On the click of this generate test case then we have to call then we have to call then we have to call an AI model. We have to scan all our an AI model. We have to scan all our an AI model. We have to scan all our repo and then AI model will generate the repo and then AI model will generate the repo and then AI model will generate the test case for us. Okay. So that logic we test case for us. Okay. So that logic we test case for us. Okay. So that logic we are going to implement uh in the next are going to implement uh in the next are going to implement uh in the next chapter. But for now the UI part make chapter. But for now the UI part make chapter. But for now the UI part make sure it's ready so that uh we can sure it's ready so that uh we can sure it's ready so that uh we can implement the generate test case implement the generate test case implement the generate test case feature. Now once the UI is completed feature. Now once the UI is completed feature. Now once the UI is completed and obviously some of the code you can and obviously some of the code you can and obviously some of the code you can just copy paste from the eraser doc. just copy paste from the eraser doc. just copy paste from the eraser doc. Then now we'll push this to our um Then now we'll push this to our um Then now we'll push this to our um branch. So we'll create a new branch for branch. So we'll create a new branch for branch. So we'll create a new branch for this uh new changes. So we'll click on this uh new changes. So we'll click on this uh new changes. So we'll click on create branch and then we'll say display create branch and then we'll say display create branch and then we'll say display user user user added repo. added repo. added repo. Then I will stage all of this change. Then I will stage all of this change. Then I will stage all of this change. Give the commit message and then simply Give the commit message and then simply Give the commit message and then simply say commit. Once you commit it um say commit. Once you commit it um say commit. Once you commit it um publish your branch and then inside the publish your branch and then inside the publish your branch and then inside the GitHub GitHub GitHub you'll get an option uh to create the you'll get an option uh to create the you'll get an option uh to create the pull request. Simply create the pull pull request. Simply create the pull pull request. Simply create the pull request automatically plan.dev will request automatically plan.dev will request automatically plan.dev will trigger the trigger the trigger the PR review. Okay, the with the help of AI PR review. Okay, the with the help of AI PR review. Okay, the with the help of AI and if you see it's immediately generate and if you see it's immediately generate and if you see it's immediately generate the summary based on the what are the the summary based on the what are the the summary based on the what are the changes you made and along with the changes you made and along with the changes you made and along with the inline comment which suggested that you inline comment which suggested that you inline comment which suggested that you can make the change. Obviously uh there can make the change. Obviously uh there can make the change. Obviously uh there are three different way one is the are three different way one is the are three different way one is the medium the high and the uh light where medium the high and the uh light where medium the high and the uh light where how important is to make the changes how important is to make the changes how important is to make the changes okay that also mention and anytime from okay that also mention and anytime from okay that also mention and anytime from the plan.dev dev dashboard you can the plan.dev dev dashboard you can the plan.dev dev dashboard you can review your changes along with the review your changes along with the review your changes along with the whatever the whatever the whatever the in a given p or whatever the uh changes in a given p or whatever the uh changes in a given p or whatever the uh changes you made you can find it inside the you made you can find it inside the you made you can find it inside the summary any time now as we already completed the selected now as we already completed the selected now as we already completed the selected repo and we are also showing the user repo and we are also showing the user repo and we are also showing the user added repo on the screen so I will mark added repo on the screen so I will mark added repo on the screen so I will mark this as a completed one now we need to this as a completed one now we need to this as a completed one now we need to scan the user selected repo in order to scan the user selected repo in order to scan the user selected repo in order to generate the test case and we already generate the test case and we already generate the test case and we already have button uh in order to trigger the have button uh in order to trigger the have button uh in order to trigger the test generation. But the question is uh test generation. But the question is uh test generation. But the question is uh understanding the workflow how to scan understanding the workflow how to scan understanding the workflow how to scan the repo. Obviously repo contain a the repo. Obviously repo contain a the repo. Obviously repo contain a millions of line of code right and millions of line of code right and millions of line of code right and obviously if you pass all of that to the obviously if you pass all of that to the obviously if you pass all of that to the AI model then that would be problematic AI model then that would be problematic AI model then that would be problematic and it will you will get a lot of charge and it will you will get a lot of charge and it will you will get a lot of charge um for your AI model. So I already broke um for your AI model. So I already broke um for your AI model. So I already broke down this generate test case into a down this generate test case into a down this generate test case into a smaller uh steps so that you will smaller uh steps so that you will smaller uh steps so that you will understand. Now in order to generate the understand. Now in order to generate the understand. Now in order to generate the case uh test cases we have to read the case uh test cases we have to read the case uh test cases we have to read the repo content first and in from the repo repo content first and in from the repo repo content first and in from the repo content we just need to get a repo tree. content we just need to get a repo tree. content we just need to get a repo tree. Okay. So which will give you that what Okay. So which will give you that what Okay. So which will give you that what is inside the app folder which file it is inside the app folder which file it is inside the app folder which file it is then inside the component what are is then inside the component what are is then inside the component what are the different files. Once we have the the different files. Once we have the the different files. Once we have the repo content we'll read the file repo content we'll read the file repo content we'll read the file content. Now this is only on the uh our content. Now this is only on the uh our content. Now this is only on the uh our server side. We are not telling AI to server side. We are not telling AI to server side. We are not telling AI to read it. Okay, we are going to read it. read it. Okay, we are going to read it. read it. Okay, we are going to read it. So obviously um reading from to our So obviously um reading from to our So obviously um reading from to our server side. It's it's you'll not get server side. It's it's you'll not get server side. It's it's you'll not get any charge for that one. Right? We are any charge for that one. Right? We are any charge for that one. Right? We are just uh using a GitHub API will read the just uh using a GitHub API will read the just uh using a GitHub API will read the file content. file content. file content. Now once we have the file content which Now once we have the file content which Now once we have the file content which we needed and along with the our own AI we needed and along with the our own AI we needed and along with the our own AI prompt, we are going to pass that to the prompt, we are going to pass that to the prompt, we are going to pass that to the AI model. Now remember the file content AI model. Now remember the file content AI model. Now remember the file content is not not does not include everything is not not does not include everything is not not does not include everything okay only the necessary information. So okay only the necessary information. So okay only the necessary information. So that's the reason we also fetching the that's the reason we also fetching the that's the reason we also fetching the repository and then once we have pass repository and then once we have pass repository and then once we have pass both the things to the AI model then it both the things to the AI model then it both the things to the AI model then it will generate the test case. Now in the will generate the test case. Now in the will generate the test case. Now in the test case you'll get an title test case you'll get an title test case you'll get an title description and the most important thing description and the most important thing description and the most important thing we need to do is to generate the browser we need to do is to generate the browser we need to do is to generate the browser script. Now this is the next part which script. Now this is the next part which script. Now this is the next part which we are going to implement because we are going to implement because we are going to implement because browser script will run our test case in browser script will run our test case in browser script will run our test case in actual uh cloud platform. Okay. Uh actual uh cloud platform. Okay. Uh actual uh cloud platform. Okay. Uh obviously it's a kind of browser but on obviously it's a kind of browser but on obviously it's a kind of browser but on the cloud and then it will return the cloud and then it will return the cloud and then it will return whether that test case is fail or pass. whether that test case is fail or pass. whether that test case is fail or pass. But this is the different um flow that But this is the different um flow that But this is the different um flow that we'll see in the next chapter. But first we'll see in the next chapter. But first we'll see in the next chapter. But first we need to generate the test case so we need to generate the test case so we need to generate the test case so that we can display those test case and that we can display those test case and that we can display those test case and then we can execute the each step uh then we can execute the each step uh then we can execute the each step uh test case one by one. Okay. Now I test case one by one. Okay. Now I test case one by one. Okay. Now I already wrote a code because there is a already wrote a code because there is a already wrote a code because there is a big line of code uh that we need to big line of code uh that we need to big line of code uh that we need to implement but I'm going to walk through implement but I'm going to walk through implement but I'm going to walk through each of them. Before that we need to each of them. Before that we need to each of them. Before that we need to save all the generated test case in one save all the generated test case in one save all the generated test case in one table. So this is the test case table uh table. So this is the test case table uh table. So this is the test case table uh schema file I I have. So simply copy schema file I I have. So simply copy schema file I I have. So simply copy that from the eraser doc. Then go back that from the eraser doc. Then go back that from the eraser doc. Then go back to your your uh visual studio and inside to your your uh visual studio and inside to your your uh visual studio and inside the schema file you can simply add that the schema file you can simply add that the schema file you can simply add that remove the string value. remove the string value. remove the string value. And once we have that And once we have that And once we have that here I will import the vari from the pg here I will import the vari from the pg here I will import the vari from the pg core and JSON B as well and save it. core and JSON B as well and save it. core and JSON B as well and save it. Once you save you have to update your Once you save you have to update your Once you save you have to update your drizzle uh sorry your database. So you drizzle uh sorry your database. So you drizzle uh sorry your database. So you have to run this push command and then have to run this push command and then have to run this push command and then you will see the changes applied as a you will see the changes applied as a you will see the changes applied as a text and after that you can verify by text and after that you can verify by text and after that you can verify by running the result kit studio. running the result kit studio. running the result kit studio. So we'll run the studio now and I will So we'll run the studio now and I will So we'll run the studio now and I will go back to the result studio. Let's go back to the result studio. Let's go back to the result studio. Let's refresh this and then you will see a refresh this and then you will see a refresh this and then you will see a brand new table brand new table brand new table will render will render will render and here we go. So we have the test case and here we go. So we have the test case and here we go. So we have the test case as a table and in that table you will as a table and in that table you will as a table and in that table you will see all the uh columns. Okay. Now next see all the uh columns. Okay. Now next see all the uh columns. Okay. Now next thing thing thing uh we need to create a new API endpoint uh we need to create a new API endpoint uh we need to create a new API endpoint and inside that we have to add all of and inside that we have to add all of and inside that we have to add all of this code. I will walk through it line this code. I will walk through it line this code. I will walk through it line by line but first let's copy paste this by line but first let's copy paste this by line but first let's copy paste this code. It's a huge code and that's the code. It's a huge code and that's the code. It's a huge code and that's the reason in order to avoid uh spending a reason in order to avoid uh spending a reason in order to avoid uh spending a time on writing each line one by one I time on writing each line one by one I time on writing each line one by one I already wrote it for you so that you can already wrote it for you so that you can already wrote it for you so that you can copy paste it. So uh this particular copy paste it. So uh this particular copy paste it. So uh this particular code you can simply add inside a new API code you can simply add inside a new API code you can simply add inside a new API endpoint. So under the API we'll create endpoint. So under the API we'll create endpoint. So under the API we'll create a new a new a new endpoint called generate endpoint called generate endpoint called generate test cases and then inside this we'll test cases and then inside this we'll test cases and then inside this we'll create a route dot ts file. Then you can create a route dot ts file. Then you can create a route dot ts file. Then you can simply paste all of this code. simply paste all of this code. simply paste all of this code. So make sure to remove this string and So make sure to remove this string and So make sure to remove this string and then save it. So make sure to import the then save it. So make sure to import the then save it. So make sure to import the correct DB reference. So at the bottom correct DB reference. So at the bottom correct DB reference. So at the bottom where we are inserting. where we are inserting. where we are inserting. Perfect. Now obviously we need to Perfect. Now obviously we need to Perfect. Now obviously we need to install the generative AI from the install the generative AI from the install the generative AI from the Google's Gemini because we are using a Google's Gemini because we are using a Google's Gemini because we are using a Gemini AI model. It's a free uh and for Gemini AI model. It's a free uh and for Gemini AI model. It's a free uh and for all of my user um obviously um we are all of my user um obviously um we are all of my user um obviously um we are not paying anything to this course. So not paying anything to this course. So not paying anything to this course. So that's the reason we kept this as a free that's the reason we kept this as a free that's the reason we kept this as a free source uh free AI model. Okay. Now very source uh free AI model. Okay. Now very source uh free AI model. Okay. Now very first thing we initialize this Google first thing we initialize this Google first thing we initialize this Google gen so that we can use it. After that gen so that we can use it. After that gen so that we can use it. After that these are some allowed extension like these are some allowed extension like these are some allowed extension like JS.tsx only these are the allowed JS.tsx only these are the allowed JS.tsx only these are the allowed extension and only these file uh our extension and only these file uh our extension and only these file uh our system will read it. Okay this part system will read it. Okay this part system will read it. Okay this part important files is uh these are the important files is uh these are the important files is uh these are the folders or files which is very important folders or files which is very important folders or files which is very important to read uh the node module.net D we want to read uh the node module.net D we want to read uh the node module.net D we want to ignore this file. Okay. So that's the to ignore this file. Okay. So that's the to ignore this file. Okay. So that's the reason this ignore path u extension is reason this ignore path u extension is reason this ignore path u extension is written. So this all three constant has written. So this all three constant has written. So this all three constant has some extension or file path which is some extension or file path which is some extension or file path which is which is required or which need to be which is required or which need to be which is required or which need to be ignored. Then uh this useful file we'll ignored. Then uh this useful file we'll ignored. Then uh this useful file we'll check what are the useful file and which check what are the useful file and which check what are the useful file and which are not. Okay. So this particular are not. Okay. So this particular are not. Okay. So this particular function we'll call later on in inside function we'll call later on in inside function we'll call later on in inside our our our get API call. Then next thing we have get API call. Then next thing we have get API call. Then next thing we have get reporter. Now this particular get reporter. Now this particular get reporter. Now this particular function will actually help us to get function will actually help us to get function will actually help us to get the repository tree structure and we are the repository tree structure and we are the repository tree structure and we are using a GitHub API for that. Now we using a GitHub API for that. Now we using a GitHub API for that. Now we already saving the owner. Okay, but already saving the owner. Okay, but already saving the owner. Okay, but nothing but the your current login nothing but the your current login nothing but the your current login GitHub account. Then the repository GitHub account. Then the repository GitHub account. Then the repository name. Now this repository name we name. Now this repository name we name. Now this repository name we already have inside our database right already have inside our database right already have inside our database right under the repo. So we have this name. So under the repo. So we have this name. So under the repo. So we have this name. So that name we are we need to pass. that name we are we need to pass. that name we are we need to pass. After that we have to get the tree After that we have to get the tree After that we have to get the tree structure. So we'll say /get /tree and structure. So we'll say /get /tree and structure. So we'll say /get /tree and the branch because we also saving the the branch because we also saving the the branch because we also saving the default branch right. So default branch default branch right. So default branch default branch right. So default branch is main and that's why we are saving is main and that's why we are saving is main and that's why we are saving that one. And once we save pass the that one. And once we save pass the that one. And once we save pass the GitHub token and then accept. Now make GitHub token and then accept. Now make GitHub token and then accept. Now make sure the GitHub token obviously we need sure the GitHub token obviously we need sure the GitHub token obviously we need to pass which is correct. And once we to pass which is correct. And once we to pass which is correct. And once we get the repo tree uh sorry the get the repo tree uh sorry the get the repo tree uh sorry the repository tree you can just map it repository tree you can just map it repository tree you can just map it properly and pass it. Now over here if properly and pass it. Now over here if properly and pass it. Now over here if you see it checking what are the useful you see it checking what are the useful you see it checking what are the useful path and those which don't require it path and those which don't require it path and those which don't require it will not return inside the data dot will not return inside the data dot will not return inside the data dot tree. After this we have the read GitHub tree. After this we have the read GitHub tree. After this we have the read GitHub file. Now this will actually read each file. Now this will actually read each file. Now this will actually read each file one by one. And if you see we have file one by one. And if you see we have file one by one. And if you see we have the reference and for that one to get the reference and for that one to get the reference and for that one to get the file content and everything and here the file content and everything and here the file content and everything and here we are decoding the content and then we we are decoding the content and then we we are decoding the content and then we are slicing it as well. Okay. Next, this are slicing it as well. Okay. Next, this are slicing it as well. Okay. Next, this is the post API call where our actual uh is the post API call where our actual uh is the post API call where our actual uh async post function will start. Inside async post function will start. Inside async post function will start. Inside this, we'll get the body parameters like this, we'll get the body parameters like this, we'll get the body parameters like user ID, repo ID, owner, which is the user ID, repo ID, owner, which is the user ID, repo ID, owner, which is the repo's name or branch, right? The by repo's name or branch, right? The by repo's name or branch, right? The by default is main and then GitHub token. default is main and then GitHub token. default is main and then GitHub token. Now, instead of getting the GitHub token Now, instead of getting the GitHub token Now, instead of getting the GitHub token over here, what we'll do? We will get over here, what we'll do? We will get over here, what we'll do? We will get the token. So, here we will say conant. Here we will say cookie Here we will say cookie Here we will say cookie store store store or you can copy it from or you can copy it from or you can copy it from our existing one. So I will copy this our existing one. So I will copy this our existing one. So I will copy this cookie store to get the token cookie store to get the token cookie store to get the token and then we'll call it as a GitHub and then we'll call it as a GitHub and then we'll call it as a GitHub token. Okay. And make sure to import token. Okay. And make sure to import token. Okay. And make sure to import this cookie from next header because you this cookie from next header because you this cookie from next header because you can get it directly inside the server. can get it directly inside the server. can get it directly inside the server. So you don't need to pass from the front So you don't need to pass from the front So you don't need to pass from the front end. Then once we have the GitHub token end. Then once we have the GitHub token end. Then once we have the GitHub token and everything and if it's something is and everything and if it's something is and everything and if it's something is missing obviously it will throw an error missing obviously it will throw an error missing obviously it will throw an error otherwise we have to get the reporter we otherwise we have to get the reporter we otherwise we have to get the reporter we already have the function for that already have the function for that already have the function for that return at the top then we'll read the return at the top then we'll read the return at the top then we'll read the file content and then we from that we'll file content and then we from that we'll file content and then we from that we'll get the all the valid files and from the get the all the valid files and from the get the all the valid files and from the valid files we are going to uh get a valid files we are going to uh get a valid files we are going to uh get a repo context which contain the file path repo context which contain the file path repo context which contain the file path and the file content. Then we have the and the file content. Then we have the and the file content. Then we have the prompt okay which is defined. So we are prompt okay which is defined. So we are prompt okay which is defined. So we are saying that okay you are an expert you saying that okay you are an expert you saying that okay you are an expert you QA automation engineer and analyze the QA automation engineer and analyze the QA automation engineer and analyze the GitHub repo and generate some small test GitHub repo and generate some small test GitHub repo and generate some small test case. Now obviously we need to generate case. Now obviously we need to generate case. Now obviously we need to generate a small test cases and not a big one. a small test cases and not a big one. a small test cases and not a big one. Okay otherwise it will be difficult to Okay otherwise it will be difficult to Okay otherwise it will be difficult to test. So if you uh for your repo if you test. So if you uh for your repo if you test. So if you uh for your repo if you create a small test case it will be easy create a small test case it will be easy create a small test case it will be easy to execute that one as well and then we to execute that one as well and then we to execute that one as well and then we passing all the required uh metadata. passing all the required uh metadata. passing all the required uh metadata. Then right now for the testing purpose Then right now for the testing purpose Then right now for the testing purpose or for development purpose we are just or for development purpose we are just or for development purpose we are just saying okay let's generate five to 10 uh saying okay let's generate five to 10 uh saying okay let's generate five to 10 uh test cases only and each test case must test cases only and each test case must test cases only and each test case must have this all of the information like have this all of the information like have this all of the information like title description type whether that's a title description type whether that's a title description type whether that's a UI based authentication based or API all UI based authentication based or API all UI based authentication based or API all of these then their priority the target of these then their priority the target of these then their priority the target route where um which on which file the route where um which on which file the route where um which on which file the test case should run the target files test case should run the target files test case should run the target files and route is returned and then expected and route is returned and then expected and route is returned and then expected result. Okay, what is the expected result. Okay, what is the expected result. Okay, what is the expected result and there are some rules also result and there are some rules also result and there are some rules also attached. All of this code is al already attached. All of this code is al already attached. All of this code is al already available inside the eraser doc. So you available inside the eraser doc. So you available inside the eraser doc. So you can just copy paste it. Then we are can just copy paste it. Then we are can just copy paste it. Then we are using an AI model. Now you have to make using an AI model. Now you have to make using an AI model. Now you have to make sure the model name is correct. Okay. So sure the model name is correct. Okay. So sure the model name is correct. Okay. So right now um I will just show you how to right now um I will just show you how to right now um I will just show you how to get the model name. So go to the get the model name. So go to the get the model name. So go to the aistudio.google.com aistudio.google.com aistudio.google.com if you are using a Google Gemini AI if you are using a Google Gemini AI if you are using a Google Gemini AI model but you can use any other model but you can use any other model but you can use any other whichever is your favorite. Then go to whichever is your favorite. Then go to whichever is your favorite. Then go to the Gemini and select the model which the Gemini and select the model which the Gemini and select the model which you think you want to use. So for you think you want to use. So for you think you want to use. So for example, if you want to use this example, if you want to use this example, if you want to use this flashlight model, I will just paste it flashlight model, I will just paste it flashlight model, I will just paste it here and then save it. So that it will here and then save it. So that it will here and then save it. So that it will use this model and inside the model uh use this model and inside the model uh use this model and inside the model uh if you see we pass the configuration and if you see we pass the configuration and if you see we pass the configuration and the response schema. Now response schema the response schema. Now response schema the response schema. Now response schema will give you the exact u proper will give you the exact u proper will give you the exact u proper structural output. Okay. So that's the structural output. Okay. So that's the structural output. Okay. So that's the reason this response schema is mentioned reason this response schema is mentioned reason this response schema is mentioned and inside the content we already have and inside the content we already have and inside the content we already have the prompt added. Okay. the prompt added. Okay. the prompt added. Okay. Now this repo context is already added Now this repo context is already added Now this repo context is already added inside the prompt. So you don't need to inside the prompt. So you don't need to inside the prompt. So you don't need to pass it again. Then we'll get the pass it again. Then we'll get the pass it again. Then we'll get the result. Okay. And once we get the test result. Okay. And once we get the test result. Okay. And once we get the test cases, you have to insert those test cases, you have to insert those test cases, you have to insert those test cases into the test case table which is cases into the test case table which is cases into the test case table which is already defined right inside our already defined right inside our already defined right inside our database. And that's all that's how easy database. And that's all that's how easy database. And that's all that's how easy it is. Now you have to make sure you it is. Now you have to make sure you it is. Now you have to make sure you will install this Google gen AI. So what will install this Google gen AI. So what will install this Google gen AI. So what I will do I will just install it. I will do I will just install it. I will do I will just install it. So inside the terminal just type npm I So inside the terminal just type npm I So inside the terminal just type npm I Google gen i and let's oh I think this Google gen i and let's oh I think this Google gen i and let's oh I think this is not the correct one. Let's search on is not the correct one. Let's search on is not the correct one. Let's search on Google gen i n n n n n n n n n n n n n n Google gen i n n n n n n n n n n n n n n Google gen i n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n npm package n n n n n n npm package n n n n n n npm package and we need this one. So we'll copy it and we need this one. So we'll copy it and we need this one. So we'll copy it and we'll paste it here. So this need to and we'll paste it here. So this need to and we'll paste it here. So this need to be an at Google gen. So I'm I did not be an at Google gen. So I'm I did not be an at Google gen. So I'm I did not copy the correct way. Now it is copy the correct way. Now it is copy the correct way. Now it is installed and now you'll see the error installed and now you'll see the error installed and now you'll see the error is gone. Perfect. Now we need to call is gone. Perfect. Now we need to call is gone. Perfect. Now we need to call this method on the click of our generate this method on the click of our generate this method on the click of our generate test case button. So I will go back to test case button. So I will go back to test case button. So I will go back to our custom component where we have the our custom component where we have the our custom component where we have the uh user repo list and here we have the uh user repo list and here we have the uh user repo list and here we have the generate test case. Now first I will generate test case. Now first I will generate test case. Now first I will create a method. So over here we'll say constant So over here we'll say constant So over here we'll say constant handle handle handle generate test cases and inside that obviously it will return and inside that obviously it will return and inside that obviously it will return the repo. Here we are going to write a the repo. Here we are going to write a the repo. Here we are going to write a logic to implement uh the test cases. logic to implement uh the test cases. logic to implement uh the test cases. Now this handle generate test case Now this handle generate test case Now this handle generate test case we are going to call on click of this we are going to call on click of this we are going to call on click of this button. button. button. And here don't forget to pass the repo And here don't forget to pass the repo And here don't forget to pass the repo right because each right because each right because each repo has their own button. See right and repo has their own button. See right and repo has their own button. See right and then it will send all of this then it will send all of this then it will send all of this information. information. information. Now once we have this repo information Now once we have this repo information Now once we have this repo information obviously we also mention the type here. obviously we also mention the type here. obviously we also mention the type here. Then we are going to call our API Then we are going to call our API Then we are going to call our API endpoint which is the generate test endpoint which is the generate test endpoint which is the generate test case. So we'll say constant result is case. So we'll say constant result is case. So we'll say constant result is equal to await equal to await equal to await axios dot post/ API/generate test case. axios dot post/ API/generate test case. axios dot post/ API/generate test case. Now as we are using await I will mark Now as we are using await I will mark Now as we are using await I will mark this as a sync. Then we need to get a this as a sync. Then we need to get a this as a sync. Then we need to get a user detail in order to get the user ID user detail in order to get the user ID user detail in order to get the user ID because inside the route.ts um you have because inside the route.ts um you have because inside the route.ts um you have to make sure you pass all of these to make sure you pass all of these to make sure you pass all of these information right. Oh not this one. Um information right. Oh not this one. Um information right. Oh not this one. Um let me go down to a post and here the let me go down to a post and here the let me go down to a post and here the user ID repo ID owner and all. So in user ID repo ID owner and all. So in user ID repo ID owner and all. So in order to get the user ID you need to get order to get the user ID you need to get order to get the user ID you need to get it from a context. So we'll say constant it from a context. So we'll say constant it from a context. So we'll say constant user detail is equal to you context and user detail is equal to you context and user detail is equal to you context and then we'll say user detail context. then we'll say user detail context. then we'll say user detail context. After that we'll get the user detail After that we'll get the user detail After that we'll get the user detail sorry user detail dot sorry user detail dot sorry user detail dot id. Then we have to pass repo ID. So id. Then we have to pass repo ID. So id. Then we have to pass repo ID. So we'll say repo id as repo dot as repo dot as repo dot repo id. Then we need to pass owner the repo id. Then we need to pass owner the repo id. Then we need to pass owner the repo as a repo name and then the branch. repo as a repo name and then the branch. repo as a repo name and then the branch. Okay. So if you already have the branch Okay. So if you already have the branch Okay. So if you already have the branch then make sure to pass the branch name. then make sure to pass the branch name. then make sure to pass the branch name. If user has some different branch then If user has some different branch then If user has some different branch then it will pass the different branch as it will pass the different branch as it will pass the different branch as well. And right now if you see we have well. And right now if you see we have well. And right now if you see we have the five different parameter which we the five different parameter which we the five different parameter which we are passing. And here make sure um are passing. And here make sure um are passing. And here make sure um you're sending the correct parameter you're sending the correct parameter you're sending the correct parameter along with their value. Then here I will along with their value. Then here I will along with their value. Then here I will write a console.lo with a result dot write a console.lo with a result dot write a console.lo with a result dot data and then save it. also um we need data and then save it. also um we need data and then save it. also um we need to show some kind of loading state when to show some kind of loading state when to show some kind of loading state when it's generating a data. So at the top it's generating a data. So at the top it's generating a data. So at the top here I will define constant we'll say here I will define constant we'll say here I will define constant we'll say loading set loading is equal to use state and initially it is equal to use state and initially it is equal to use state and initially it will be false. Then as soon as you start will be false. Then as soon as you start will be false. Then as soon as you start generating we'll set the loading as generating we'll set the loading as generating we'll set the loading as true. true. true. And once it is finished we'll set the And once it is finished we'll set the And once it is finished we'll set the loading as false. Okay. Now while it is loading as false. Okay. Now while it is loading as false. Okay. Now while it is generating the test case you can show a generating the test case you can show a generating the test case you can show a loading state. So here we'll say if it loading state. So here we'll say if it loading state. So here we'll say if it is loading so a loader icon is loading so a loader icon is loading so a loader icon otherwise you can show a sparkle icon. otherwise you can show a sparkle icon. otherwise you can show a sparkle icon. But for the loader icon we'll add a But for the loader icon we'll add a But for the loader icon we'll add a class name. And here we'll say animate class name. And here we'll say animate class name. And here we'll say animate spin. spin. spin. Okay. So it will show a proper animation Okay. So it will show a proper animation Okay. So it will show a proper animation for that. And then whenever the loader for that. And then whenever the loader for that. And then whenever the loader is true, you can disable this button so is true, you can disable this button so is true, you can disable this button so that user will not click that again. that user will not click that again. that user will not click that again. Okay. And I think that's all we needed Okay. And I think that's all we needed Okay. And I think that's all we needed for now. Obviously you can make a update for now. Obviously you can make a update for now. Obviously you can make a update like when it's loading you can change like when it's loading you can change like when it's loading you can change this text that's generating or something this text that's generating or something this text that's generating or something like that. So for example here we'll say like that. So for example here we'll say like that. So for example here we'll say if loading is true we can add generating if loading is true we can add generating if loading is true we can add generating case otherwise we can show otherwise we can show otherwise we can show this text. Perfect. Okay. Now after this uh Perfect. Okay. Now after this uh Perfect. Okay. Now after this uh obviously we need to add our AI models obviously we need to add our AI models obviously we need to add our AI models API key. So we already defined the AI API key. So we already defined the AI API key. So we already defined the AI model inside our route.ts ts file but we model inside our route.ts ts file but we model inside our route.ts ts file but we need to add this API key. So inside your need to add this API key. So inside your need to add this API key. So inside your env file we'll add this API key. env file we'll add this API key. env file we'll add this API key. So let's go to your AI studio the So let's go to your AI studio the So let's go to your AI studio the geminis AI studio and then click on this geminis AI studio and then click on this geminis AI studio and then click on this get API key. From here you have option get API key. From here you have option get API key. From here you have option to create an API key if you don't have to create an API key if you don't have to create an API key if you don't have already give the API key name and then already give the API key name and then already give the API key name and then click create key. Once you create the click create key. Once you create the click create key. Once you create the key it will generate a key. Copy that key it will generate a key. Copy that key it will generate a key. Copy that key and paste it inside your env file. key and paste it inside your env file. key and paste it inside your env file. Now let's test this out. Currently we Now let's test this out. Currently we Now let's test this out. Currently we are just consoling the data but you can are just consoling the data but you can are just consoling the data but you can even verify that inside the network tab. even verify that inside the network tab. even verify that inside the network tab. Now if I expand this and click on Now if I expand this and click on Now if I expand this and click on generate test case you will see it start generate test case you will see it start generate test case you will see it start generating and on the right hand side generating and on the right hand side generating and on the right hand side you will see a network tab and boom it's you will see a network tab and boom it's you will see a network tab and boom it's ready. So we don't have any error. ready. So we don't have any error. ready. So we don't have any error. That's a good thing. And if I go to the That's a good thing. And if I go to the That's a good thing. And if I go to the preview it's saying that test case preview it's saying that test case preview it's saying that test case generated and it generated six test generated and it generated six test generated and it generated six test cases. If I expand the test case, you cases. If I expand the test case, you cases. If I expand the test case, you will see the inserted record information will see the inserted record information will see the inserted record information like branch with on which branch the like branch with on which branch the like branch with on which branch the expected result. What are the title? So expected result. What are the title? So expected result. What are the title? So it's saying verify hero section it's saying verify hero section it's saying verify hero section rendering. Then description along with rendering. Then description along with rendering. Then description along with the uh expected result and the target the uh expected result and the target the uh expected result and the target file in which file we have to check and file in which file we have to check and file in which file we have to check and everything. Okay. So we have the test everything. Okay. So we have the test everything. Okay. So we have the test case along with the all the information case along with the all the information case along with the all the information which we need. Now make sure inside the which we need. Now make sure inside the which we need. Now make sure inside the database as well it's storing. So we database as well it's storing. So we database as well it's storing. So we have the user ID, repo ID, the repo name have the user ID, repo ID, the repo name have the user ID, repo ID, the repo name which is connected and all other which is connected and all other which is connected and all other information. Pretty cool, right? information. Pretty cool, right? information. Pretty cool, right? Once you have these all of the Once you have these all of the Once you have these all of the information, you have to display those information, you have to display those information, you have to display those test cases on the screen. So as per our test cases on the screen. So as per our test cases on the screen. So as per our eraser doc, if you see this mockup, we eraser doc, if you see this mockup, we eraser doc, if you see this mockup, we need to show those test cases. So we need to show those test cases. So we need to show those test cases. So we need to show in the list form and we need to show in the list form and we need to show in the list form and we have to give this checkbox because we have to give this checkbox because we have to give this checkbox because we are giving an option to the user to are giving an option to the user to are giving an option to the user to execute test case which he want to execute test case which he want to execute test case which he want to execute otherwise uh there is a not execute otherwise uh there is a not execute otherwise uh there is a not required okay to execute it. So let's go required okay to execute it. So let's go required okay to execute it. So let's go back and once you save it we need to back and once you save it we need to back and once you save it we need to fetch those all the generated test fetch those all the generated test fetch those all the generated test cases. So either you can write a get API cases. So either you can write a get API cases. So either you can write a get API endpoint inside the same API u route.ts endpoint inside the same API u route.ts endpoint inside the same API u route.ts PS or you can create a new API endpoint PS or you can create a new API endpoint PS or you can create a new API endpoint and inside that we'll say and inside that we'll say and inside that we'll say test cases test cases test cases then we'll say route tsx file then we'll say route tsx file then we'll say route tsx file then add a default template then add a default template then add a default template or not here uh here we'll need to add or not here uh here we'll need to add or not here uh here we'll need to add export export export a sync function a sync function a sync function then get here we'll say request and then then get here we'll say request and then then get here we'll say request and then Next request. Now here you have two Next request. Now here you have two Next request. Now here you have two option. Either you can fetch all the option. Either you can fetch all the option. Either you can fetch all the test case for all the repo or you can test case for all the repo or you can test case for all the repo or you can fetch only test case when you expand it. fetch only test case when you expand it. fetch only test case when you expand it. Okay, it's totally up to you. Uh it good Okay, it's totally up to you. Uh it good Okay, it's totally up to you. Uh it good you can even fetch all the test case at you can even fetch all the test case at you can even fetch all the test case at once. But in this case we'll fetch one once. But in this case we'll fetch one once. But in this case we'll fetch one by one. Okay. So by one. Okay. So by one. Okay. So let's go back and inside this we'll say let's go back and inside this we'll say let's go back and inside this we'll say constant search params is equal to new request search params is equal to new request search params is equal to new request dot URL dot search param and then from dot URL dot search param and then from dot URL dot search param and then from here we'll say constant here we'll say constant here we'll say constant repo id is equal to search param sorry repo id is equal to search param sorry repo id is equal to search param sorry here we'll say search params dot get and here we'll say search params dot get and here we'll say search params dot get and repo id. Now from the repo id we are repo id. Now from the repo id we are repo id. Now from the repo id we are going to fetch the record but if the going to fetch the record but if the going to fetch the record but if the repo id is missing then we'll say return repo id is missing then we'll say return repo id is missing then we'll say return u the response is obviously it will u the response is obviously it will u the response is obviously it will return the we need to return the error return the we need to return the error return the we need to return the error message. So here instead of return we'll message. So here instead of return we'll message. So here instead of return we'll say next response do json and then with say next response do json and then with say next response do json and then with some error otherwise we need to fetch some error otherwise we need to fetch some error otherwise we need to fetch the data. So we'll say constant the data. So we'll say constant the data. So we'll say constant result is equal to await result is equal to await result is equal to await db dot select from here we'll say test db dot select from here we'll say test db dot select from here we'll say test case table dot where and then inside case table dot where and then inside case table dot where and then inside that we'll add an equal to test case that we'll add an equal to test case that we'll add an equal to test case repo id dotreo id. So it will get the repo id dotreo id. So it will get the repo id dotreo id. So it will get the result which is saved inside our result which is saved inside our result which is saved inside our database and then we need to show those. database and then we need to show those. database and then we need to show those. So we'll say return next response So we'll say return next response So we'll say return next response dot JSON and then we'll say result and dot JSON and then we'll say result and dot JSON and then we'll say result and then save it. So it will return the all then save it. So it will return the all then save it. So it will return the all the test case belong to that particular the test case belong to that particular the test case belong to that particular repo. Now inside the repo list. Now whenever I open any of the test case Now whenever I open any of the test case Now whenever I open any of the test case we have to make sure to call that API we have to make sure to call that API we have to make sure to call that API endpoint to fetch it if the test case is endpoint to fetch it if the test case is endpoint to fetch it if the test case is available. If not then obviously we are available. If not then obviously we are available. If not then obviously we are going to show this generate test case going to show this generate test case going to show this generate test case message all the time. So in order to message all the time. So in order to message all the time. So in order to implement it for this accordion we need implement it for this accordion we need implement it for this accordion we need to know which test case or sorry which to know which test case or sorry which to know which test case or sorry which yeah which test case uh sorry the repo yeah which test case uh sorry the repo yeah which test case uh sorry the repo is open right. So this accordion has the is open right. So this accordion has the is open right. So this accordion has the event called all value changed and we event called all value changed and we event called all value changed and we have to pass a proper value. So in here have to pass a proper value. So in here have to pass a proper value. So in here we'll say um we'll say um we'll say um repo dot repo id and obviously we need repo dot repo id and obviously we need repo dot repo id and obviously we need to pass a string and not a number. So I to pass a string and not a number. So I to pass a string and not a number. So I will convert that into a string and then will convert that into a string and then will convert that into a string and then it has a method called on value changed. it has a method called on value changed. it has a method called on value changed. Okay. So inside this you can check which Okay. So inside this you can check which Okay. So inside this you can check which is the value. Okay. Currently I'm just is the value. Okay. Currently I'm just is the value. Okay. Currently I'm just consoling it so that you will see the consoling it so that you will see the consoling it so that you will see the inside the inspect panel. So let's clean inside the inspect panel. So let's clean inside the inspect panel. So let's clean this out. And if I open this, oh somehow this out. And if I open this, oh somehow this out. And if I open this, oh somehow it's not printing out. it's not printing out. it's not printing out. Oh, this need to be on value change and Oh, this need to be on value change and Oh, this need to be on value change and not volume change. So make sure it's on not volume change. So make sure it's on not volume change. So make sure it's on value change. And if I expand it, you value change. And if I expand it, you value change. And if I expand it, you will see that repo ID. If I close it, will see that repo ID. If I close it, will see that repo ID. If I close it, then you will not get that ID. And same then you will not get that ID. And same then you will not get that ID. And same thing if you switch it, you will get the thing if you switch it, you will get the thing if you switch it, you will get the ID. Perfect. Right? So that's how you ID. Perfect. Right? So that's how you ID. Perfect. Right? So that's how you have to uh open and expand have to uh open and expand have to uh open and expand the accordion. the accordion. the accordion. But here if I open one of them right so But here if I open one of them right so But here if I open one of them right so for example if I click open and uh open for example if I click open and uh open for example if I click open and uh open another one it show both open right and another one it show both open right and another one it show both open right and we don't want that one so there is one we don't want that one so there is one we don't want that one so there is one fix we need to do inside the accordion fix we need to do inside the accordion fix we need to do inside the accordion item sorry inside accordion right we item sorry inside accordion right we item sorry inside accordion right we added a separate accordion for each of added a separate accordion for each of added a separate accordion for each of the item so instead of that we'll move the item so instead of that we'll move the item so instead of that we'll move this accordion above this and inside this accordion above this and inside this accordion above this and inside that we'll just add the accordion item that we'll just add the accordion item that we'll just add the accordion item though this is the correct way to do it though this is the correct way to do it though this is the correct way to do it And at the bottom I will put this And at the bottom I will put this And at the bottom I will put this accordion out of this map list and then accordion out of this map list and then accordion out of this map list and then save it. So what it will do it will once save it. So what it will do it will once save it. So what it will do it will once you open any of the repo and you can try you open any of the repo and you can try you open any of the repo and you can try to open another one the first one will to open another one the first one will to open another one the first one will automatically close so that it will only automatically close so that it will only automatically close so that it will only fetch the test cases for the open one. fetch the test cases for the open one. fetch the test cases for the open one. Okay. And that's why we that's what we Okay. And that's why we that's what we Okay. And that's why we that's what we wanted. Now next thing wanted. Now next thing wanted. Now next thing uh over here we'll do the we did the uh over here we'll do the we did the uh over here we'll do the we did the console lock. Now we'll remove it and we console lock. Now we'll remove it and we console lock. Now we'll remove it and we going to call our method. So I don't going to call our method. So I don't going to call our method. So I don't think so we wrote the method. So let's think so we wrote the method. So let's think so we wrote the method. So let's add the method called constant add the method called constant add the method called constant get test cases get test cases get test cases and inside this we'll add or here we and inside this we'll add or here we and inside this we'll add or here we need to accept the repo need to accept the repo need to accept the repo and then we'll say user uh here we just and then we'll say user uh here we just and then we'll say user uh here we just need a repo ID nothing else. So we'll need a repo ID nothing else. So we'll need a repo ID nothing else. So we'll say repo id and currently we are passing say repo id and currently we are passing say repo id and currently we are passing it as a string or you can convert that it as a string or you can convert that it as a string or you can convert that into a number. So this need to be a into a number. So this need to be a into a number. So this need to be a number. number. number. And over here I will call get test And over here I will call get test And over here I will call get test cases. But now I will change this to cases. But now I will change this to cases. But now I will change this to number. Perfect. And save it. Now over here we Perfect. And save it. Now over here we Perfect. And save it. Now over here we say constant result is equal to await say constant result is equal to await say constant result is equal to await axios dotget and obviously we need to axios dotget and obviously we need to axios dotget and obviously we need to get all the test cases and just we are get all the test cases and just we are get all the test cases and just we are passing the repo id inside the query passing the repo id inside the query passing the repo id inside the query parameter as we are using aait I will parameter as we are using aait I will parameter as we are using aait I will mark this as a async mark this as a async mark this as a async and then for the testing purpose first I and then for the testing purpose first I and then for the testing purpose first I will check the inside the console log. will check the inside the console log. will check the inside the console log. So let's go ahead and check it out. So So let's go ahead and check it out. So So let's go ahead and check it out. So we'll go to the console we'll go to the console we'll go to the console and and and let's clean this out. If I open this, let's clean this out. If I open this, let's clean this out. If I open this, you will see we got the test cases. Six you will see we got the test cases. Six you will see we got the test cases. Six test cases. Obviously for the second test cases. Obviously for the second test cases. Obviously for the second one, we don't have any. So it's one, we don't have any. So it's one, we don't have any. So it's returning empty because we did not returning empty because we did not returning empty because we did not generate. But for first one, you will generate. But for first one, you will generate. But for first one, you will see the test cases. Perfect. Now see the test cases. Perfect. Now see the test cases. Perfect. Now obviously we uh currently we only have a obviously we uh currently we only have a obviously we uh currently we only have a small number of test cases. But if you small number of test cases. But if you small number of test cases. But if you have extra or lot of test cases, it will have extra or lot of test cases, it will have extra or lot of test cases, it will take a seconds or a couple of seconds to take a seconds or a couple of seconds to take a seconds or a couple of seconds to load the test case. So we need to add load the test case. So we need to add load the test case. So we need to add proper loading state for this one. So proper loading state for this one. So proper loading state for this one. So over here over here over here maybe we can use the existing loading as maybe we can use the existing loading as maybe we can use the existing loading as well. Okay, it's totally up to you how well. Okay, it's totally up to you how well. Okay, it's totally up to you how you want to handle. Let's try to use you want to handle. Let's try to use you want to handle. Let's try to use existing one and we instead of creating existing one and we instead of creating existing one and we instead of creating a new one. So here we'll say constant a new one. So here we'll say constant a new one. So here we'll say constant set loading to true and here set loading set loading to true and here set loading set loading to true and here set loading to false. to false. to false. Then whenever the loading is true, Then whenever the loading is true, Then whenever the loading is true, right? uh we need to show some kind of right? uh we need to show some kind of right? uh we need to show some kind of loading indicator and we don't want to loading indicator and we don't want to loading indicator and we don't want to show this complete block as well. So show this complete block as well. So show this complete block as well. So over here we'll say if it's loading right. Okay. So instead of uh using the same Okay. So instead of uh using the same Okay. So instead of uh using the same state uh let's use a different one. state uh let's use a different one. state uh let's use a different one. Okay. So we'll define constant Okay. So we'll define constant Okay. So we'll define constant test case loading comma set test case loading comma set test case loading comma set test test test case loading and is equal to use state case loading and is equal to use state case loading and is equal to use state to false. And here I will replace this to false. And here I will replace this to false. And here I will replace this two test case loading. two test case loading. two test case loading. Perfect. Now whenever the test case is Perfect. Now whenever the test case is Perfect. Now whenever the test case is loading, loading, loading, so we'll say if so we'll say if so we'll say if test case is loading then we'll say h2 test case is loading then we'll say h2 test case is loading then we'll say h2 tag tag tag with a loader icon. So we'll say loader with a loader icon. So we'll say loader with a loader icon. So we'll say loader icon icon icon and here I will say please wait. and here I will say please wait. and here I will say please wait. Here I will animate this using animate Here I will animate this using animate Here I will animate this using animate spin spin spin otherwise. So I will add colon otherwise we will show this generate button. we will show this generate button. we will show this generate button. Okay. And save it. Right now if you if I Okay. And save it. Right now if you if I Okay. And save it. Right now if you if I open this um obviously it's showing the open this um obviously it's showing the open this um obviously it's showing the test case uh generated once we have the test case uh generated once we have the test case uh generated once we have the result. But result. But result. But along with this test case loading, I along with this test case loading, I along with this test case loading, I have to add one more uh field. But for have to add one more uh field. But for have to add one more uh field. But for now, if you open this, see. Okay, right now, if you open this, see. Okay, right now, if you open this, see. Okay, right now it's loading very fast. But uh it now it's loading very fast. But uh it now it's loading very fast. But uh it show this particular text. Okay. Now, show this particular text. Okay. Now, show this particular text. Okay. Now, next thing we need to save all the test next thing we need to save all the test next thing we need to save all the test case which is loaded in another case which is loaded in another case which is loaded in another state. Right. So here is a constant test state. Right. So here is a constant test state. Right. So here is a constant test cases equal to use test and test cases cases equal to use test and test cases cases equal to use test and test cases and then and then and then every time we have to set the test cases every time we have to set the test cases every time we have to set the test cases to empty and then we have to add the new to empty and then we have to add the new to empty and then we have to add the new one in that one. Okay. And save it. Now one in that one. Okay. And save it. Now one in that one. Okay. And save it. Now over here we need to make some over here we need to make some over here we need to make some modification. modification. modification. So I'm going to create a component to So I'm going to create a component to So I'm going to create a component to display all the test case. So we'll display all the test case. So we'll display all the test case. So we'll create test case create test case create test case list dot tsx file and then we'll add a list dot tsx file and then we'll add a list dot tsx file and then we'll add a default template over here default template over here default template over here and then whenever maybe and then whenever maybe and then whenever maybe here we can add if test case test case here we can add if test case test case here we can add if test case test case loading is not there loading is not there loading is not there and and test case length is greater than and and test case length is greater than and and test case length is greater than zero. Then we're going to simply show the user Then we're going to simply show the user Then we're going to simply show the user or oh sorry the test case list. So here or oh sorry the test case list. So here or oh sorry the test case list. So here we say test case list. Okay. And we say test case list. Okay. And we say test case list. Okay. And obviously make sure uh if the test case obviously make sure uh if the test case obviously make sure uh if the test case is there you don't need to show this is there you don't need to show this is there you don't need to show this block. block. block. So maybe we can add a condition if test So maybe we can add a condition if test So maybe we can add a condition if test cases cases cases do.length length greater than zero or do.length length greater than zero or do.length length greater than zero or here we say is equal to equal to0 here we say is equal to equal to0 here we say is equal to equal to0 then only show this generate test case then only show this generate test case then only show this generate test case block otherwise you don't need to show block otherwise you don't need to show block otherwise you don't need to show and if I open it you will see the test and if I open it you will see the test and if I open it you will see the test case list is now that component is now case list is now that component is now case list is now that component is now rendering because we have the data and rendering because we have the data and rendering because we have the data and that generate test case button is also that generate test case button is also that generate test case button is also not showing now the thing is as per the not showing now the thing is as per the not showing now the thing is as per the mockup you just need to show all the mockup you just need to show all the mockup you just need to show all the test cases test cases test cases now you want to display the all the test now you want to display the all the test now you want to display the all the test cases. Okay. So few things we are going cases. Okay. So few things we are going cases. Okay. So few things we are going to show like checkbox type the uh test to show like checkbox type the uh test to show like checkbox type the uh test case and description before that uh we case and description before that uh we case and description before that uh we already defined the test case use state already defined the test case use state already defined the test case use state and we are also storing that uh inside and we are also storing that uh inside and we are also storing that uh inside this test case right once we get the this test case right once we get the this test case right once we get the test cases from the database but we need test cases from the database but we need test cases from the database but we need to define type for it. So here we'll say to define type for it. So here we'll say to define type for it. So here we'll say type type type test case is equal to and in that we are test case is equal to and in that we are test case is equal to and in that we are going to add going to add going to add all of these field value. Okay. So right all of these field value. Okay. So right all of these field value. Okay. So right now if you see we have ID then title. So now if you see we have ID then title. So now if you see we have ID then title. So those things which is important we are those things which is important we are those things which is important we are going to add. So here we have title uh going to add. So here we have title uh going to add. So here we have title uh description then so here so here so here after description uh and title we add after description uh and title we add after description uh and title we add type so here we'll say type so here we'll say type so here we'll say type of type string then you can add type of type string then you can add type of type string then you can add repo id repo id repo id after that you will you will you can add after that you will you will you can add after that you will you will you can add this target files along with the repo this target files along with the repo this target files along with the repo name u name u name u So over here we'll say So over here we'll say So over here we'll say target target target files is of string uh list. files is of string uh list. files is of string uh list. Then um if you want you can add the Then um if you want you can add the Then um if you want you can add the priority. The expected result is also priority. The expected result is also priority. The expected result is also important. So we'll say expected result important. So we'll say expected result important. So we'll say expected result of type string. Now this repo owner or of type string. Now this repo owner or of type string. Now this repo owner or name we already have. Okay. But if you name we already have. Okay. But if you name we already have. Okay. But if you want you can even use this and keep it want you can even use this and keep it want you can even use this and keep it inside your test case. So it will be inside your test case. So it will be inside your test case. So it will be easy. So we'll say repo uh name of type easy. So we'll say repo uh name of type easy. So we'll say repo uh name of type string. Then we have the repo id repo string. Then we have the repo id repo string. Then we have the repo id repo owner. So repo owner of type string. owner. So repo owner of type string. owner. So repo owner of type string. Repo Repo Repo I think repo ID is already there. I think repo ID is already there. I think repo ID is already there. So we don't need to add that. And we So we don't need to add that. And we So we don't need to add that. And we already add the expected um result as already add the expected um result as already add the expected um result as well. Created ad we really don't need well. Created ad we really don't need well. Created ad we really don't need it. And target route as well. That is it. And target route as well. That is it. And target route as well. That is also important. So target route of type also important. So target route of type also important. So target route of type string. Now once you have the test case string. Now once you have the test case string. Now once you have the test case uh type defined you can simply add it uh type defined you can simply add it uh type defined you can simply add it here. Okay. And make sure to export it here. Okay. And make sure to export it here. Okay. And make sure to export it so that you can use it at other places. so that you can use it at other places. so that you can use it at other places. Now for example if I go to this test Now for example if I go to this test Now for example if I go to this test case uh list when we are displaying we case uh list when we are displaying we case uh list when we are displaying we want to pass uh the test cases. Okay. So want to pass uh the test cases. Okay. So want to pass uh the test cases. Okay. So here we'll say test case here we'll say test case here we'll say test case list list list and then we'll pass the test cases or and then we'll pass the test cases or and then we'll pass the test cases or test case list only something like this. test case list only something like this. test case list only something like this. Now inside the test case list let's Now inside the test case list let's Now inside the test case list let's accept that and then we'll write a prop. accept that and then we'll write a prop. accept that and then we'll write a prop. So let's define a type as a prop and So let's define a type as a prop and So let's define a type as a prop and then we'll say test case list as test then we'll say test case list as test then we'll say test case list as test case case case which we are importing which we are importing which we are importing uh from the this particular component. uh from the this particular component. uh from the this particular component. Right now if you see we have an error Right now if you see we have an error Right now if you see we have an error saying it's saying is not assignable of saying it's saying is not assignable of saying it's saying is not assignable of type test case. Let me see that's the type test case. Let me see that's the type test case. Let me see that's the correct name. correct name. correct name. And then we have the type prof with a And then we have the type prof with a And then we have the type prof with a test case. test case. test case. Oh, this need to be a test cases. Okay, Oh, this need to be a test cases. Okay, Oh, this need to be a test cases. Okay, because that's the state name we define because that's the state name we define because that's the state name we define and then we have the test case list and then we have the test case list and then we have the test case list here. You can change this to test cases here. You can change this to test cases here. You can change this to test cases otherwise the component name and the otherwise the component name and the otherwise the component name and the name might get confused. So here as well name might get confused. So here as well name might get confused. So here as well I'm going to update it. Okay. And then I'm going to update it. Okay. And then I'm going to update it. Okay. And then save it. Now once you save here we need save it. Now once you save here we need save it. Now once you save here we need to show uh those test cases. So inside to show uh those test cases. So inside to show uh those test cases. So inside the s2 tag we'll say generated the s2 tag we'll say generated the s2 tag we'll say generated test cases test cases test cases and here let's save this one. Let's see and here let's save this one. Let's see and here let's save this one. Let's see how it looks on the screen. Right now how it looks on the screen. Right now how it looks on the screen. Right now we'll close this. And here we have the we'll close this. And here we have the we'll close this. And here we have the test case list. test case list. test case list. Let me save. Let me refresh this page. And right now if you see once it's And right now if you see once it's And right now if you see once it's loading right it's taking some time. So loading right it's taking some time. So loading right it's taking some time. So we need to show some kind of loading we need to show some kind of loading we need to show some kind of loading indicator. And right now it's showing indicator. And right now it's showing indicator. And right now it's showing the text called generate test cases. the text called generate test cases. the text called generate test cases. Here I will make this font uh medium. Here I will make this font uh medium. Here I will make this font uh medium. After that let's add a div. And inside After that let's add a div. And inside After that let's add a div. And inside the do let's iterate this test cases. So the do let's iterate this test cases. So the do let's iterate this test cases. So we'll test cases dot map. Here we'll say we'll test cases dot map. Here we'll say we'll test cases dot map. Here we'll say test case arrow function here. Sorry. test case arrow function here. Sorry. test case arrow function here. Sorry. And here we'll add index as well. Then And here we'll add index as well. Then And here we'll add index as well. Then we'll add a div. we'll add a div. we'll add a div. Inside the div, first I want to add a Inside the div, first I want to add a Inside the div, first I want to add a checkbox. Now in order to add the checkbox. Now in order to add the checkbox. Now in order to add the checkbox component from the shadian, checkbox component from the shadian, checkbox component from the shadian, just go to the shadian document, go to just go to the shadian document, go to just go to the shadian document, go to the checkbox and then copy this import the checkbox and then copy this import the checkbox and then copy this import statement. After that you can simply statement. After that you can simply statement. After that you can simply import that. import that. import that. Say yes to proceed. So it will install Say yes to proceed. So it will install Say yes to proceed. So it will install it for you. And then obviously you can it for you. And then obviously you can it for you. And then obviously you can find the example how to use it. It's find the example how to use it. It's find the example how to use it. It's very straightforward. Okay. So, very straightforward. Okay. So, very straightforward. Okay. So, it's still installing. And once you it's still installing. And once you it's still installing. And once you install, you can add this install, you can add this install, you can add this checkbox from the UI checkbox. Something checkbox from the UI checkbox. Something checkbox from the UI checkbox. Something like this. And save it. For this div, like this. And save it. For this div, like this. And save it. For this div, we'll say key as a index. And if I go we'll say key as a index. And if I go we'll say key as a index. And if I go back now, you will see six different back now, you will see six different back now, you will see six different checkboxes. Perfect. Then checkboxes. Perfect. Then checkboxes. Perfect. Then we'll add H2 tag. And inside this we'll we'll add H2 tag. And inside this we'll we'll add H2 tag. And inside this we'll say test case dot say test case dot say test case dot title. title. title. Okay. So now you have the title as well. Okay. So now you have the title as well. Okay. So now you have the title as well. And uh And uh And uh I will just wrap this inside the due I will just wrap this inside the due I will just wrap this inside the due because we also want to show a because we also want to show a because we also want to show a description. So we'll say test case dot description. So we'll say test case dot description. So we'll say test case dot description. Now for the description we description. Now for the description we description. Now for the description we want to show it in a small. So we'll say want to show it in a small. So we'll say want to show it in a small. So we'll say text access and text gray color. Let's text access and text gray color. Let's text access and text gray color. Let's make it 500. make it 500. make it 500. And then we want to bring these both the And then we want to bring these both the And then we want to bring these both the things in one line. So I will add a div things in one line. So I will add a div things in one line. So I will add a div to this one. And then here we'll make it to this one. And then here we'll make it to this one. And then here we'll make it flex. Then gap to let's say three. And flex. Then gap to let's say three. And flex. Then gap to let's say three. And then item to be in the center. See? then item to be in the center. See? then item to be in the center. See? Okay. Now obviously we need to give some Okay. Now obviously we need to give some Okay. Now obviously we need to give some uh padding and all. So let's add that uh padding and all. So let's add that uh padding and all. So let's add that too. So over here maybe for this D only too. So over here maybe for this D only too. So over here maybe for this D only we'll add a padding let's say four now we'll add a padding let's say four now we'll add a padding let's say four now some space and then we'll also add a some space and then we'll also add a some space and then we'll also add a border I think we can add a border at either I think we can add a border at either I think we can add a border at either border border border bottom only okay so that you will see bottom only okay so that you will see bottom only okay so that you will see this bottom border and if you want to this bottom border and if you want to this bottom border and if you want to add a border to the complete uh section add a border to the complete uh section add a border to the complete uh section you can add it to is due. So we'll say you can add it to is due. So we'll say you can add it to is due. So we'll say class name border. Okay. Here class name border. Okay. Here class name border. Okay. Here you can add a padding to four if you you can add a padding to four if you you can add a padding to four if you want or let's me remove this border want or let's me remove this border want or let's me remove this border because we can add a border to this because we can add a border to this because we can add a border to this inside section as well. We'll so maybe inside section as well. We'll so maybe inside section as well. We'll so maybe we can add it to this one. We'll just we can add it to this one. We'll just we can add it to this one. We'll just say border. See? And then let's make it say border. See? And then let's make it say border. See? And then let's make it little bit rounded. So we'll say rounded little bit rounded. So we'll say rounded little bit rounded. So we'll say rounded to media. to media. to media. Okay. Now after that on uh right side we Okay. Now after that on uh right side we Okay. Now after that on uh right side we want to show a batch. Okay. Or if you go want to show a batch. Okay. Or if you go want to show a batch. Okay. Or if you go to the UI shion and search for this to the UI shion and search for this to the UI shion and search for this batch and this kind of badge we want to batch and this kind of badge we want to batch and this kind of badge we want to show. So I will import that. Okay. And show. So I will import that. Okay. And show. So I will import that. Okay. And then then then once you import make sure to install once you import make sure to install once you import make sure to install this batch component from the chaten and this batch component from the chaten and this batch component from the chaten and here you have different different option here you have different different option here you have different different option right now we want to show a type so right now we want to show a type so right now we want to show a type so basically if you see this o flow UI this basically if you see this o flow UI this basically if you see this o flow UI this type you want to add and on the right type you want to add and on the right type you want to add and on the right side obviously uh we'll add a text side obviously uh we'll add a text side obviously uh we'll add a text called pending okay uh we don't need to called pending okay uh we don't need to called pending okay uh we don't need to show a time right now okay so we'll skip show a time right now okay so we'll skip show a time right now okay so we'll skip that part but that part but that part but over here over here over here Let's add Let's add Let's add a div. a div. a div. And inside this div, we'll add a badge. And inside this div, we'll add a badge. And inside this div, we'll add a badge. And inside the badge here, we'll say And inside the badge here, we'll say And inside the badge here, we'll say test case dot test case dot test case dot type. After that, we'll add another type. After that, we'll add another type. After that, we'll add another badge. badge. badge. And then we'll say test case dot And then we'll say test case dot And then we'll say test case dot uh here we actually we just want to show uh here we actually we just want to show uh here we actually we just want to show a status but right now we don't have the a status but right now we don't have the a status but right now we don't have the column status so I will just add it as a column status so I will just add it as a column status so I will just add it as a pending okay so here we'll say pending pending okay so here we'll say pending pending okay so here we'll say pending now now now right now here I will add a variant right now here I will add a variant right now here I will add a variant as secondary and same variant I'm going as secondary and same variant I'm going as secondary and same variant I'm going to add for the pending right now once to add for the pending right now once to add for the pending right now once you run need or once it fail or pass you run need or once it fail or pass you run need or once it fail or pass based on that we are going to change the based on that we are going to change the based on that we are going to change the color okay see this color but for a color okay see this color but for a color okay see this color but for a pending we'll just keep like that and if pending we'll just keep like that and if pending we'll just keep like that and if I go back to our app you will see this I go back to our app you will see this I go back to our app you will see this UI and pending now we want to move that UI and pending now we want to move that UI and pending now we want to move that on the right side so now we have two div on the right side so now we have two div on the right side so now we have two div right and this do we want to move to the right and this do we want to move to the right and this do we want to move to the right so to this one we'll add a flex right so to this one we'll add a flex right so to this one we'll add a flex then we'll make it item to be in the then we'll make it item to be in the then we'll make it item to be in the center and make sure to justify between center and make sure to justify between center and make sure to justify between so it will be on the right side but we so it will be on the right side but we so it will be on the right side but we want want to give some space between want want to give some space between want want to give some space between these two value. So over here we'll not these two value. So over here we'll not these two value. So over here we'll not this one but for this div we'll add a this one but for this div we'll add a this one but for this div we'll add a class name class name class name and then u we'll add gap to let's say and then u we'll add gap to let's say and then u we'll add gap to let's say four four four and make sure to add a flex as well see and make sure to add a flex as well see and make sure to add a flex as well see some space. Now one more important thing some space. Now one more important thing some space. Now one more important thing we need to add after this pending is a we need to add after this pending is a we need to add after this pending is a setting icon. Okay. So here I will add a setting icon. Okay. So here I will add a setting icon. Okay. So here I will add a setting icon. setting icon. setting icon. We say setting icon and We say setting icon and We say setting icon and I will add a instead of just icon I will I will add a instead of just icon I will I will add a instead of just icon I will wrap this inside a button component wrap this inside a button component wrap this inside a button component and then we'll add a setting icon and and then we'll add a setting icon and and then we'll add a setting icon and then to this button component I will say then to this button component I will say then to this button component I will say a size as icon. a size as icon. a size as icon. Okay. So this small icon obviously you Okay. So this small icon obviously you Okay. So this small icon obviously you can change this size. So we'll say class can change this size. So we'll say class can change this size. So we'll say class name name name text to small text to small text to small or they don't apply text. Let's add or or they don't apply text. Let's add or or they don't apply text. Let's add or change this height and width and here. change this height and width and here. change this height and width and here. So the idea about this icon is when you So the idea about this icon is when you So the idea about this icon is when you click on it right you can add some click on it right you can add some click on it right you can add some setting or some instruction setting or some instruction setting or some instruction uh while implementing. For example there uh while implementing. For example there uh while implementing. For example there is some authentication part. In that is some authentication part. In that is some authentication part. In that case you have to provide some dummy case you have to provide some dummy case you have to provide some dummy username and password. So you can add username and password. So you can add username and password. So you can add inside the setting section. inside the setting section. inside the setting section. Um here I will change this variant. Um here I will change this variant. Um here I will change this variant. Oh for the button. So we'll say variant Oh for the button. So we'll say variant Oh for the button. So we'll say variant as outline. Okay. So we have this as outline. Okay. So we have this as outline. Okay. So we have this outline variant for that. Perfect. So outline variant for that. Perfect. So outline variant for that. Perfect. So that's how the setting variant will that's how the setting variant will that's how the setting variant will work. work. work. But whichever uh test case you want to But whichever uh test case you want to But whichever uh test case you want to run once you select it then so once you run once you select it then so once you run once you select it then so once you select it we want to add a bottom select it we want to add a bottom select it we want to add a bottom section where it will it it will have section where it will it it will have section where it will it it will have option to run the selected uh option to run the selected uh option to run the selected uh test cases. Okay. So test cases. Okay. So test cases. Okay. So maybe out of this maybe out of this maybe out of this we'll add another div and on the s2 tag we'll add another div and on the s2 tag we'll add another div and on the s2 tag here we'll say run selected here we'll say run selected here we'll say run selected test case test case test case and then we'll add and then we'll add and then we'll add button here we'll say run selected button here we'll say run selected button here we'll say run selected and here I will add a plus I play icon Okay. So if you see we have this section Okay. So if you see we have this section Okay. So if you see we have this section but we want to add some style. So we'll but we want to add some style. So we'll but we want to add some style. So we'll say padding to let's say four flex item say padding to let's say four flex item say padding to let's say four flex item to be in the center and then justify to be in the center and then justify to be in the center and then justify between. So something like this I will change So something like this I will change So something like this I will change this background color. So we'll say this background color. So we'll say this background color. So we'll say background background background uh let's say 100 some gray color. Okay. uh let's say 100 some gray color. Okay. uh let's say 100 some gray color. Okay. So once you select it then you can click So once you select it then you can click So once you select it then you can click on run selected button. Uh to this icon on run selected button. Uh to this icon on run selected button. Uh to this icon I will add height to four width to four I will add height to four width to four I will add height to four width to four and then you can add margin right to and then you can add margin right to and then you can add margin right to let's say two. let's say two. let's say two. Perfect. Okay. Now we only want to Perfect. Okay. Now we only want to Perfect. Okay. Now we only want to enable this button if user select either enable this button if user select either enable this button if user select either one of the check boxes. Right? Obviously one of the check boxes. Right? Obviously one of the check boxes. Right? Obviously uh we need to maintain a state which uh we need to maintain a state which uh we need to maintain a state which will store all the test cases or will store all the test cases or will store all the test cases or selected test cases in order to execute selected test cases in order to execute selected test cases in order to execute it. Right? Now if you see this test case it. Right? Now if you see this test case it. Right? Now if you see this test case and the border is too close. So I'm and the border is too close. So I'm and the border is too close. So I'm going to add margin top to let's say going to add margin top to let's say going to add margin top to let's say three. So some space three. So some space three. So some space and here I will change this color to and here I will change this color to and here I will change this color to let's say text primary. it will change let's say text primary. it will change let's say text primary. it will change to the primary color. I think uh that's to the primary color. I think uh that's to the primary color. I think uh that's pretty good. Obviously, if you don't pretty good. Obviously, if you don't pretty good. Obviously, if you don't have any um test cases, then it will uh have any um test cases, then it will uh have any um test cases, then it will uh not show anything. Right now, it just not show anything. Right now, it just not show anything. Right now, it just try to fetch it and if it's not there, try to fetch it and if it's not there, try to fetch it and if it's not there, then it will show this test case then it will show this test case then it will show this test case message. Uh the please wait indicator. message. Uh the please wait indicator. message. Uh the please wait indicator. Um we need to update it little bit. We Um we need to update it little bit. We Um we need to update it little bit. We need to add here class name with a flex need to add here class name with a flex need to add here class name with a flex and then gap to three or two whatever. and then gap to three or two whatever. and then gap to three or two whatever. And I will I also make item to be in the And I will I also make item to be in the And I will I also make item to be in the center. So now if I open this you'll see center. So now if I open this you'll see center. So now if I open this you'll see the loading indicator. So in this case the loading indicator. So in this case the loading indicator. So in this case if I open it it's already fetch but yeah if I open it it's already fetch but yeah if I open it it's already fetch but yeah that's fine. But right now I hope you that's fine. But right now I hope you that's fine. But right now I hope you understand how beautifully we are understand how beautifully we are understand how beautifully we are showing these test cases to execute. showing these test cases to execute. showing these test cases to execute. Once user execute these test cases right Once user execute these test cases right Once user execute these test cases right we are change the status in the database we are change the status in the database we are change the status in the database and then once it is finished right uh and then once it is finished right uh and then once it is finished right uh you can add a refresh button over here you can add a refresh button over here you can add a refresh button over here so that you can check the status and if so that you can check the status and if so that you can check the status and if the it's successfully executed then it the it's successfully executed then it the it's successfully executed then it will show a success message and all will show a success message and all will show a success message and all other detail. other detail. other detail. Now uh quickly I'm going to add just Now uh quickly I'm going to add just Now uh quickly I'm going to add just refresh button at the top inside the refresh button at the top inside the refresh button at the top inside the test case list. So maybe you can wrap test case list. So maybe you can wrap test case list. So maybe you can wrap this inside a div something like this. this inside a div something like this. this inside a div something like this. And here we'll add a button. And here we'll add a button. And here we'll add a button. I will add a refresh icon. And here we'll say refresh. So this is how it look like. But we want So this is how it look like. But we want So this is how it look like. But we want to want that on right side also. I will to want that on right side also. I will to want that on right side also. I will change this size to small. change this size to small. change this size to small. And I will change this icon size to And I will change this icon size to And I will change this icon size to let's say let's say let's say height to three, width to three and height to three, width to three and height to three, width to three and margin right to one. margin right to one. margin right to one. And we want at the right side. So for And we want at the right side. So for And we want at the right side. So for this div we'll add it make it flex item this div we'll add it make it flex item this div we'll add it make it flex item to be in the center and then justify to be in the center and then justify to be in the center and then justify between between between perfect. So whenever you want you can perfect. So whenever you want you can perfect. So whenever you want you can even have option to refresh it. So it even have option to refresh it. So it even have option to refresh it. So it will fetch the latest updated data. will fetch the latest updated data. will fetch the latest updated data. Right now this refresh button on click Right now this refresh button on click Right now this refresh button on click you need to pass back. So here we'll say you need to pass back. So here we'll say you need to pass back. So here we'll say on click on click on click and on reload. So here I will call this on reload. So here I will call this on reload. So here I will call this on reload. Obviously we need to pass this method Obviously we need to pass this method Obviously we need to pass this method back um to the parent component. So I back um to the parent component. So I back um to the parent component. So I will pass back so that inside the user will pass back so that inside the user will pass back so that inside the user uh repol list we can simply uh repol list we can simply uh repol list we can simply fetch. fetch. fetch. Oh where it is over here let me bring Oh where it is over here let me bring Oh where it is over here let me bring this down this down this down and then we'll say on reload. So and then we'll say on reload. So and then we'll say on reload. So whenever you click on it this on reload whenever you click on it this on reload whenever you click on it this on reload will execute and that case we need to will execute and that case we need to will execute and that case we need to call this get test case method. So which call this get test case method. So which call this get test case method. So which will return the latest information or will return the latest information or will return the latest information or latest data right? So we'll say get test latest data right? So we'll say get test latest data right? So we'll say get test cases. Oh, so over here um we need to pass Oh, so over here um we need to pass Oh, so over here um we need to pass that selected repo. Uh which one is the that selected repo. Uh which one is the that selected repo. Uh which one is the selected one? Right. Maybe you can get selected one? Right. Maybe you can get selected one? Right. Maybe you can get it from or let me go back to the test it from or let me go back to the test it from or let me go back to the test case list. And here you can pass any of case list. And here you can pass any of case list. And here you can pass any of the test case rep. Okay. So which you the test case rep. Okay. So which you the test case rep. Okay. So which you can get it from the let's say test cases of zero of zero of zero we say test cases of zero dot repo id we say test cases of zero dot repo id we say test cases of zero dot repo id okay so which will pass it to the this okay so which will pass it to the this okay so which will pass it to the this one and here now let's provide any for one and here now let's provide any for one and here now let's provide any for now now now and now once and now once and now once we have the repo id you can pass this we have the repo id you can pass this we have the repo id you can pass this repo repo repo id over Here you can pass the type as id over Here you can pass the type as id over Here you can pass the type as number number number and save it. Now if I click refresh you and save it. Now if I click refresh you and save it. Now if I click refresh you will see it's saying please wait and will see it's saying please wait and will see it's saying please wait and then it will fetch it immediately. then it will fetch it immediately. then it will fetch it immediately. Perfect. Right. So that's how we have to Perfect. Right. So that's how we have to Perfect. Right. So that's how we have to do. Now next obviously there are lot of do. Now next obviously there are lot of do. Now next obviously there are lot of interesting things we want to implement. interesting things we want to implement. interesting things we want to implement. Okay. But for now make sure you are at Okay. But for now make sure you are at Okay. But for now make sure you are at this stage where you are fetching or all this stage where you are fetching or all this stage where you are fetching or all the test cases which we generated and the test cases which we generated and the test cases which we generated and save it in the database and then simply save it in the database and then simply save it in the database and then simply display it in the proper UI format. Now display it in the proper UI format. Now display it in the proper UI format. Now the last important thing before moving the last important thing before moving the last important thing before moving to the next chapter is uh this selection to the next chapter is uh this selection to the next chapter is uh this selection right now selection is quite right now selection is quite right now selection is quite straightforward. uh inside our test case straightforward. uh inside our test case straightforward. uh inside our test case list list list we are going to define one constant here we are going to define one constant here we are going to define one constant here we'll say handle run test case is equal we'll say handle run test case is equal we'll say handle run test case is equal to to to or instead of handle not handle here or instead of handle not handle here or instead of handle not handle here we'll define a state for the new state we'll define a state for the new state we'll define a state for the new state first here we'll say selected test cases first here we'll say selected test cases first here we'll say selected test cases comma set selected comma set selected comma set selected test cases is equal to use state. test cases is equal to use state. test cases is equal to use state. Okay. And for this the type is the same. Okay. And for this the type is the same. Okay. And for this the type is the same. So we'll say test case. So we'll say test case. So we'll say test case. And then you just need to push it. Okay. And then you just need to push it. Okay. And then you just need to push it. Okay. Whenever you select it. So inside the Whenever you select it. So inside the Whenever you select it. So inside the check box check box check box uh here we'll say on uh here we'll say on uh here we'll say on check I will say check I will say check I will say so maybe over here we'll say first on so maybe over here we'll say first on so maybe over here we'll say first on check change check change check change then whenever the check change right um then whenever the check change right um then whenever the check change right um so over here we are going to add on so over here we are going to add on so over here we are going to add on check change and for that one we're check change and for that one we're check change and for that one we're going to simply handle the selected test going to simply handle the selected test going to simply handle the selected test case. So here we will say handle case. So here we will say handle case. So here we will say handle selected selected selected test case and then we need to pass whether is case and then we need to pass whether is case and then we need to pass whether is a check or not. Okay. So this value we a check or not. Okay. So this value we a check or not. Okay. So this value we are going to pass are going to pass are going to pass to this method. Now we need to create to this method. Now we need to create to this method. Now we need to create this method. this method. this method. So we'll say constant So we'll say constant So we'll say constant handle test case and then we'll say test handle test case and then we'll say test handle test case and then we'll say test or not test case but here we'll say or not test case but here we'll say or not test case but here we'll say check uh whether it's a check or not. So check uh whether it's a check or not. So check uh whether it's a check or not. So this will be the boolean and also along this will be the boolean and also along this will be the boolean and also along with this one we also want to get the with this one we also want to get the with this one we also want to get the test case of type test case. test case of type test case. test case of type test case. So make sure over here along with this So make sure over here along with this So make sure over here along with this we have to pass the test case. So over we have to pass the test case. So over we have to pass the test case. So over here we'll just pass the here we'll just pass the here we'll just pass the test case. Okay. Now, oh, so here why I test case. Okay. Now, oh, so here why I test case. Okay. Now, oh, so here why I don't know why we have this error. So we have this error. It's saying that So we have this error. It's saying that So we have this error. It's saying that argument of type string or boolean. So argument of type string or boolean. So argument of type string or boolean. So over here we need to add an optional over here we need to add an optional over here we need to add an optional the another or condition or with a the another or condition or with a the another or condition or with a string or boolean. Okay. Now if it's string or boolean. Okay. Now if it's string or boolean. Okay. Now if it's check right so basically in that case we check right so basically in that case we check right so basically in that case we have to say set selected test case and have to say set selected test case and have to say set selected test case and then from that then from that then from that we'll say previous we'll say previous we'll say previous and then dot dot dot previous and then and then dot dot dot previous and then and then dot dot dot previous and then test case right it means we have to add test case right it means we have to add test case right it means we have to add the element uh keeping all the existing the element uh keeping all the existing the element uh keeping all the existing element and the new element so that's element and the new element so that's element and the new element so that's the reason we added this previous and the reason we added this previous and the reason we added this previous and test case. You can add a type any test case. You can add a type any test case. You can add a type any or you can even add the test case type or you can even add the test case type or you can even add the test case type that's completely fine. Otherwise, it that's completely fine. Otherwise, it that's completely fine. Otherwise, it means user uncheck it and in that case means user uncheck it and in that case means user uncheck it and in that case we'll set the set selected case. Then we'll set the set selected case. Then we'll set the set selected case. Then here we'll say previous of type any and here we'll say previous of type any and here we'll say previous of type any and we want to filter out the value. So we we want to filter out the value. So we we want to filter out the value. So we say previous dot um say previous dot um say previous dot um filter and then we'll say filter and then we'll say filter and then we'll say oh let me over here. Okay that's oh let me over here. Okay that's oh let me over here. Okay that's correct. So we'll say item correct. So we'll say item correct. So we'll say item if item do ID is not equal to test case if item do ID is not equal to test case if item do ID is not equal to test case do id. Okay. So here as well do id. Okay. So here as well do id. Okay. So here as well and add a type any. So make sure uh if and add a type any. So make sure uh if and add a type any. So make sure uh if it user uncheck it it means we have to it user uncheck it it means we have to it user uncheck it it means we have to remove the element from our um set remove the element from our um set remove the element from our um set selected test or sorry the from the selected test or sorry the from the selected test or sorry the from the selected test case uh state. Okay selected test case uh state. Okay selected test case uh state. Okay otherwise we have to add it and whenever otherwise we have to add it and whenever otherwise we have to add it and whenever you check it so on check obviously we you check it so on check obviously we you check it so on check obviously we have to uh check the condition in order have to uh check the condition in order have to uh check the condition in order to show the check mark. So we'll say to show the check mark. So we'll say to show the check mark. So we'll say selected test case dot sum if the selected test case dot sum if the selected test case dot sum if the selected test case has some value. So selected test case has some value. So selected test case has some value. So we'll say item then we'll say item do ID we'll say item then we'll say item do ID we'll say item then we'll say item do ID matches with the test case dot id then matches with the test case dot id then matches with the test case dot id then it will show it as a check. Now if I go it will show it as a check. Now if I go it will show it as a check. Now if I go back and if I check this one see it back and if I check this one see it back and if I check this one see it works um perfectly fine. But whenever uh works um perfectly fine. But whenever uh works um perfectly fine. But whenever uh there is a no data right inside the there is a no data right inside the there is a no data right inside the selected test case then in that case we selected test case then in that case we selected test case then in that case we have to disable this run selected have to disable this run selected have to disable this run selected button. So basically we'll add disable button. So basically we'll add disable button. So basically we'll add disable and then and then and then uh only when there is no selected test uh only when there is no selected test uh only when there is no selected test cases. cases. cases. So if I refresh this page and right now if you see it is disabled and right now if you see it is disabled and right now if you see it is disabled but as soon as I select right it should but as soon as I select right it should but as soon as I select right it should work. Right now if you see we get some work. Right now if you see we get some work. Right now if you see we get some error. So it's saying previous is not error. So it's saying previous is not error. So it's saying previous is not iterable. So it means iterable. So it means iterable. So it means we have to add an empty array to this we have to add an empty array to this we have to add an empty array to this selected test case. Right? Otherwise it selected test case. Right? Otherwise it selected test case. Right? Otherwise it will it don't know whether that's a will it don't know whether that's a will it don't know whether that's a array or not. But array or not. But array or not. But u okay so it's still showing run u okay so it's still showing run u okay so it's still showing run selected. So maybe here we need to selected. So maybe here we need to selected. So maybe here we need to little bit update update the condition. little bit update update the condition. little bit update update the condition. So here we say if set selected test case So here we say if set selected test case So here we say if set selected test case dotlength is equal to equal to or is not dotlength is equal to equal to or is not dotlength is equal to equal to or is not equal to zero then you don't need to equal to zero then you don't need to equal to zero then you don't need to show it. So let's save it. show it. So let's save it. show it. So let's save it. Oh here is equal to zero only disable Oh here is equal to zero only disable Oh here is equal to zero only disable when is zero. But if I add it then if when is zero. But if I add it then if when is zero. But if I add it then if you see it's enabled. If I unselect it you see it's enabled. If I unselect it you see it's enabled. If I unselect it then it will be disabled. And now as then it will be disabled. And now as then it will be disabled. And now as soon as you add the test case which you soon as you add the test case which you soon as you add the test case which you want to run, it is getting saved inside want to run, it is getting saved inside want to run, it is getting saved inside our set selected test cases. Okay. So our set selected test cases. Okay. So our set selected test cases. Okay. So that later on we can uh run those test that later on we can uh run those test that later on we can uh run those test cases. But for now make sure you set up cases. But for now make sure you set up cases. But for now make sure you set up with this all the data. Now quick things with this all the data. Now quick things with this all the data. Now quick things I wanted to update that we already have I wanted to update that we already have I wanted to update that we already have the number of test cases. So we can the number of test cases. So we can the number of test cases. So we can update the total test as well and pass update the total test as well and pass update the total test as well and pass and fail is not yet mentioned. So we'll and fail is not yet mentioned. So we'll and fail is not yet mentioned. So we'll just leave it for now. But inside the just leave it for now. But inside the just leave it for now. But inside the user post list at the top we already user post list at the top we already user post list at the top we already have the total test cases mentioned. Um have the total test cases mentioned. Um have the total test cases mentioned. Um either you can remove it from here or either you can remove it from here or either you can remove it from here or you can define a state. So here we'll you can define a state. So here we'll you can define a state. So here we'll say constant. say constant. say constant. Then here we say status stats data comma set data comma set data comma set status data status data status data is equal to use state. is equal to use state. is equal to use state. Okay. Now here you can provide a type. Okay. Now here you can provide a type. Okay. Now here you can provide a type. So here we'll say type So here we'll say type So here we'll say type status status status data data data and inside this we'll say total number and inside this we'll say total number and inside this we'll say total number per pass test and all of these test case per pass test and all of these test case per pass test and all of these test case and then here we'll define this status and then here we'll define this status and then here we'll define this status data type. Now data type. Now data type. Now whenever we get the test cases right not whenever we get the test cases right not whenever we get the test cases right not here. So when we get the test cases over here. So when we get the test cases over here. So when we get the test cases over here we're going to set up those. So here we're going to set up those. So here we're going to set up those. So maybe inside this we'll say set status maybe inside this we'll say set status maybe inside this we'll say set status data data data then total test is equal is equal to then total test is equal is equal to then total test is equal is equal to result dot data.length if the is pass result dot data.length if the is pass result dot data.length if the is pass right we already have test case type or right we already have test case type or right we already have test case type or not type but we can for now we can just not type but we can for now we can just not type but we can for now we can just set it as zero then fail test zero and set it as zero then fail test zero and set it as zero then fail test zero and pass rate zero okay and then save it. pass rate zero okay and then save it. pass rate zero okay and then save it. U by default you can also provide those U by default you can also provide those U by default you can also provide those value okay zero for everything and don't value okay zero for everything and don't value okay zero for everything and don't then we don't need this constant anymore then we don't need this constant anymore then we don't need this constant anymore but rather we can simply now use a but rather we can simply now use a but rather we can simply now use a status data status data status data dot total test pass test fail test and dot total test pass test fail test and dot total test pass test fail test and then pass rate so basically we replace then pass rate so basically we replace then pass rate so basically we replace all the hard-coded value with a dynamic all the hard-coded value with a dynamic all the hard-coded value with a dynamic data and if I open it u obviously you'll data and if I open it u obviously you'll data and if I open it u obviously you'll see the total total test as a six and see the total total test as a six and see the total total test as a six and obviously we don't have any value for obviously we don't have any value for obviously we don't have any value for this but later on we'll update it. So this but later on we'll update it. So this but later on we'll update it. So that's uh all for this particular that's uh all for this particular that's uh all for this particular chapter. If you have any question any chapter. If you have any question any chapter. If you have any question any doubt uh let me know in the comment doubt uh let me know in the comment doubt uh let me know in the comment section. Now don't forget to push your section. Now don't forget to push your section. Now don't forget to push your changes to the uh GitHub. So we'll go changes to the uh GitHub. So we'll go changes to the uh GitHub. So we'll go back and inside this we'll create a new back and inside this we'll create a new back and inside this we'll create a new branch branch branch and inside that we'll say get and inside that we'll say get and inside that we'll say get or we'll say generate test cases test cases test cases and display. and display. and display. So make sure to enter it so it will get So make sure to enter it so it will get So make sure to enter it so it will get check out. You can stage all of the check out. You can stage all of the check out. You can stage all of the change change change and then give the commit message. Once and then give the commit message. Once and then give the commit message. Once you commit uh we'll publish this branch. you commit uh we'll publish this branch. you commit uh we'll publish this branch. Then we'll go back to our repo Then we'll go back to our repo Then we'll go back to our repo and inside that you will find an option and inside that you will find an option and inside that you will find an option to create the pull request. You can even to create the pull request. You can even to create the pull request. You can even create the pull request by going to the create the pull request by going to the create the pull request by going to the pull request and there as well you will pull request and there as well you will pull request and there as well you will find this option to create a new pull find this option to create a new pull find this option to create a new pull request. Then click create pull request. request. Then click create pull request. request. Then click create pull request. Now plan arc will start u reviewing your Now plan arc will start u reviewing your Now plan arc will start u reviewing your code. And if you see we got the coming code. And if you see we got the coming code. And if you see we got the coming from the uh plan arc that it started from the uh plan arc that it started from the uh plan arc that it started reviewing your code and within a few reviewing your code and within a few reviewing your code and within a few seconds very fast uh plan already uh seconds very fast uh plan already uh seconds very fast uh plan already uh added the summary about what are the added the summary about what are the added the summary about what are the changes you make. So if you see we added changes you make. So if you see we added changes you make. So if you see we added this generated test case and we this generated test case and we this generated test case and we integrate the Gemini HDK and many other integrate the Gemini HDK and many other integrate the Gemini HDK and many other things and also you will see the things and also you will see the things and also you will see the complete inline um changes. Now another complete inline um changes. Now another complete inline um changes. Now another important thing we want I wanted to show important thing we want I wanted to show important thing we want I wanted to show that it also show how many token it use. that it also show how many token it use. that it also show how many token it use. Okay. So that you will see and you can Okay. So that you will see and you can Okay. So that you will see and you can track all your token by going to the track all your token by going to the track all your token by going to the setting and inside the setting we have setting and inside the setting we have setting and inside the setting we have the credit and billing section. Here you the credit and billing section. Here you the credit and billing section. Here you will find that how many credit remaining will find that how many credit remaining will find that how many credit remaining how many use. Okay. Now with the free how many use. Okay. Now with the free how many use. Okay. Now with the free account you will get up to 10,000s of account you will get up to 10,000s of account you will get up to 10,000s of credit. But if you want more please let credit. But if you want more please let credit. But if you want more please let me know. I will give you the promo code me know. I will give you the promo code me know. I will give you the promo code in order to add extra credits. Okay? But in order to add extra credits. Okay? But in order to add extra credits. Okay? But you have to comment down in the comment you have to comment down in the comment you have to comment down in the comment section related to the plan AR and section related to the plan AR and section related to the plan AR and definitely I will comment the coupon definitely I will comment the coupon definitely I will comment the coupon code uh in order to add extra credits to code uh in order to add extra credits to code uh in order to add extra credits to your account. Now we have to add some setting option Now we have to add some setting option Now we have to add some setting option to our project. Currently uh in order to to our project. Currently uh in order to to our project. Currently uh in order to execute this test case we have to add execute this test case we have to add execute this test case we have to add some proper instruction which we already some proper instruction which we already some proper instruction which we already have but in certain cases user has to have but in certain cases user has to have but in certain cases user has to add some um additional instruction or add some um additional instruction or add some um additional instruction or some customized instruction to each of some customized instruction to each of some customized instruction to each of the test cases. So we already added this the test cases. So we already added this the test cases. So we already added this setting button and on the click of this setting button and on the click of this setting button and on the click of this setting button we want to open a setting button we want to open a setting button we want to open a dialogue on that we are going to add dialogue on that we are going to add dialogue on that we are going to add some basic information which user can some basic information which user can some basic information which user can update it. Also in order to execute update it. Also in order to execute update it. Also in order to execute these test cases right on a in a real these test cases right on a in a real these test cases right on a in a real browser we have to give or provide uh browser we have to give or provide uh browser we have to give or provide uh the website URL or app domain right so the website URL or app domain right so the website URL or app domain right so that AI or browser base can test our that AI or browser base can test our that AI or browser base can test our application on that particular URL. So application on that particular URL. So application on that particular URL. So these few things we are going to update these few things we are going to update these few things we are going to update in this chapter. So on the click of this in this chapter. So on the click of this in this chapter. So on the click of this setting we are going to open a dialogue setting we are going to open a dialogue setting we are going to open a dialogue and on that we are going to add certain and on that we are going to add certain and on that we are going to add certain um field to update it. So let's go back um field to update it. So let's go back um field to update it. So let's go back to our application to our application to our application and inside this and inside this and inside this uh let's go to this component where we uh let's go to this component where we uh let's go to this component where we are showing the setting icon. So here we are showing the setting icon. So here we are showing the setting icon. So here we have test case list and then have test case list and then have test case list and then we have a setting icon. Now on the click we have a setting icon. Now on the click we have a setting icon. Now on the click of it we want to open a dialogue. So of it we want to open a dialogue. So of it we want to open a dialogue. So we'll create a dialogue. So here we'll we'll create a dialogue. So here we'll we'll create a dialogue. So here we'll say test case setting say test case setting say test case setting u dialogue dot tsx file. Then add u dialogue dot tsx file. Then add u dialogue dot tsx file. Then add default template and then save it. Now default template and then save it. Now default template and then save it. Now we already installed the dialogue. Only we already installed the dialogue. Only we already installed the dialogue. Only thing we need to do from the shar we are thing we need to do from the shar we are thing we need to do from the shar we are going to uh add the example use case. going to uh add the example use case. going to uh add the example use case. So first I will copy this import So first I will copy this import So first I will copy this import statement. statement. statement. Then we'll copy this example Then we'll copy this example Then we'll copy this example so that we can update according to our so that we can update according to our so that we can update according to our need. Now for the dialog trigger in need. Now for the dialog trigger in need. Now for the dialog trigger in order to open a dialogue you can use order to open a dialogue you can use order to open a dialogue you can use this button directly. So I will cut it this button directly. So I will cut it this button directly. So I will cut it from here and then I will put inside from here and then I will put inside from here and then I will put inside this dialog trigger. Make sure to import this dialog trigger. Make sure to import this dialog trigger. Make sure to import this button component and the setting this button component and the setting this button component and the setting icon from the lucid react. After that icon from the lucid react. After that icon from the lucid react. After that you need to use this dialogue component you need to use this dialogue component you need to use this dialogue component over here. So it will show the button over here. So it will show the button over here. So it will show the button and on the click of button it will open and on the click of button it will open and on the click of button it will open the dialogue. So let me reload this app. the dialogue. So let me reload this app. the dialogue. So let me reload this app. Now once you reload open this and then Now once you reload open this and then Now once you reload open this and then you will see the dialogue. Perfect. Now you will see the dialogue. Perfect. Now you will see the dialogue. Perfect. Now next thing let's customize this uh next thing let's customize this uh next thing let's customize this uh content for the dialogue. So here we'll content for the dialogue. So here we'll content for the dialogue. So here we'll add a title as edit testing add a title as edit testing add a title as edit testing requirements requirements requirements and then and then in the description I and then and then in the description I and then and then in the description I already copy the description so that already copy the description so that already copy the description so that description will add it. Okay, after description will add it. Okay, after description will add it. Okay, after that inside the dialog content we'll add that inside the dialog content we'll add that inside the dialog content we'll add a div and inside the div let's add a div and inside the div let's add a div and inside the div let's add another div because we want to add few another div because we want to add few another div because we want to add few field here we'll say label and then field here we'll say label and then field here we'll say label and then we'll say test title. Okay, so what will we'll say test title. Okay, so what will we'll say test title. Okay, so what will be the test title? Let's add an input be the test title? Let's add an input be the test title? Let's add an input field. You can add a placeholder as well and You can add a placeholder as well and You can add a placeholder as well and you can write test title you can write test title you can write test title and then save it. So if I go back you and then save it. So if I go back you and then save it. So if I go back you will see uh the test title and along will see uh the test title and along will see uh the test title and along with its input field you can add with its input field you can add with its input field you can add for this class name you can add margin for this class name you can add margin for this class name you can add margin top to one. So some space between the top to one. So some space between the top to one. So some space between the text and the title. For the label I will text and the title. For the label I will text and the title. For the label I will change this change this change this to text gray color little light. I make it 500. little light. I make it 500. little light. I make it 500. Now in the same way we have to add four Now in the same way we have to add four Now in the same way we have to add four a few more field. I will copy this due a few more field. I will copy this due a few more field. I will copy this due and I will add four more times. Now here and I will add four more times. Now here and I will add four more times. Now here we need to add a description. we need to add a description. we need to add a description. So description /action. Now all of these So description /action. Now all of these So description /action. Now all of these field which we added we already have the field which we added we already have the field which we added we already have the data for it when we generate the each data for it when we generate the each data for it when we generate the each test case. So if I go to the any of the test case. So if I go to the any of the test case. So if I go to the any of the repo and sorry any of the test cases repo and sorry any of the test cases repo and sorry any of the test cases right over here right over here right over here for example for this one if you see we for example for this one if you see we for example for this one if you see we have the title we have the description have the title we have the description have the title we have the description along with that we also have expected along with that we also have expected along with that we also have expected result as well right and then target result as well right and then target result as well right and then target route everything is there. So that's route everything is there. So that's route everything is there. So that's what we have to u update it if user want what we have to u update it if user want what we have to u update it if user want to update any information. Now instead to update any information. Now instead to update any information. Now instead of input I will add it as a text area. of input I will add it as a text area. of input I will add it as a text area. So if don't have the text area from the So if don't have the text area from the So if don't have the text area from the chat scen let's add it quickly. So I chat scen let's add it quickly. So I chat scen let's add it quickly. So I will go to the text area component copy will go to the text area component copy will go to the text area component copy this uh command in order to install it. this uh command in order to install it. this uh command in order to install it. Say yes to proceed and then it will Say yes to proceed and then it will Say yes to proceed and then it will install it for you. Once it is install it for you. Once it is install it for you. Once it is installed, you can simply installed, you can simply installed, you can simply set the test area. Now it is installed. So we'll add the Now it is installed. So we'll add the Now it is installed. So we'll add the text area now. Okay. And here we'll say text area now. Okay. And here we'll say text area now. Okay. And here we'll say description and then save it. After this description and then save it. After this description and then save it. After this we'll add a target route. So here we say we'll add a target route. So here we say we'll add a target route. So here we say target target target route on which we need to add a test route on which we need to add a test route on which we need to add a test case or we'll say path case or we'll say path case or we'll say path and here we'll say and here we'll say and here we'll say target route whether that's index or any target route whether that's index or any target route whether that's index or any other and the last but not least other and the last but not least other and the last but not least expected result. result. result. And here as well we'll change this to a And here as well we'll change this to a And here as well we'll change this to a text area. text area. text area. So I will use the similar text area. I will use the similar text area. I will use the similar text area. Let's change this. Perfect. And then Let's change this. Perfect. And then Let's change this. Perfect. And then save it. Now if I go back to our save it. Now if I go back to our save it. Now if I go back to our application, you will see all of this application, you will see all of this application, you will see all of this field. Okay. But obviously you need to field. Okay. But obviously you need to field. Okay. But obviously you need to give some margin from the top. So here give some margin from the top. So here give some margin from the top. So here we say margin top to two. So let's see we say margin top to two. So let's see we say margin top to two. So let's see how it looks. Let's deal a little bit how it looks. Let's deal a little bit how it looks. Let's deal a little bit more more more and copy this same margin top or uh and copy this same margin top or uh and copy this same margin top or uh telling CSS classes for each of the div and save it. Okay. After this we need to and save it. Okay. After this we need to and save it. Okay. After this we need to add a button to update or close it. And add a button to update or close it. And add a button to update or close it. And then after dialogue maybe inside the then after dialogue maybe inside the then after dialogue maybe inside the dialogue content we need to add a dialogue content we need to add a dialogue content we need to add a dialogue footer. And then inside the dialogue footer. And then inside the dialogue footer. And then inside the footer we'll add a button footer we'll add a button footer we'll add a button one will say cancel one will say cancel one will say cancel or we can change this button. Uh here we or we can change this button. Uh here we or we can change this button. Uh here we can add dialogue close as a button. can add dialogue close as a button. can add dialogue close as a button. Okay. Okay. Okay. and then another button and then another button and then another button to save it or we'll say update case to save it or we'll say update case to save it or we'll say update case and save. Right now if you see we have and save. Right now if you see we have and save. Right now if you see we have these two button u you can change this these two button u you can change this these two button u you can change this button as well with a variant as a button as well with a variant as a button as well with a variant as a outline and I will close the tag over here. So and I will close the tag over here. So and I will close the tag over here. So now we have the cancel button and update now we have the cancel button and update now we have the cancel button and update case button. Now here whichever test case button. Now here whichever test case button. Now here whichever test case you select we want to open the case you select we want to open the case you select we want to open the content inside those. Okay. content inside those. Okay. content inside those. Okay. So let's add that. So let's add that. So let's add that. So whenever you open right we need to So whenever you open right we need to So whenever you open right we need to get the selected test case. So here get the selected test case. So here get the selected test case. So here we'll say selected test case. we'll say selected test case. we'll say selected test case. I will just add test case. Um I will just add test case. Um I will just add test case. Um I think we need to give a type as a I think we need to give a type as a I think we need to give a type as a props props props and let's define a type prop as a test and let's define a type prop as a test and let's define a type prop as a test case and here the test case type need to case and here the test case type need to case and here the test case type need to be a test case from the user repo list because we from the user repo list because we from the user repo list because we already exported the type from there. already exported the type from there. already exported the type from there. Now uh once we have the test case right Now uh once we have the test case right Now uh once we have the test case right we will save this in one state. So we'll we will save this in one state. So we'll we will save this in one state. So we'll say constant say constant say constant um um um form test case. We'll say set form test form test case. We'll say set form test form test case. We'll say set form test case is equal to use state. Okay. And for is equal to use state. Okay. And for is equal to use state. Okay. And for this one this one this one let's keep it empty for now. And inside let's keep it empty for now. And inside let's keep it empty for now. And inside this we'll add an empty string. And then this we'll add an empty string. And then this we'll add an empty string. And then we'll say title, description, target we'll say title, description, target we'll say title, description, target route and expected result and everything route and expected result and everything route and expected result and everything we will get it from the test case. Okay. we will get it from the test case. Okay. we will get it from the test case. Okay. So that's how we have to add it and then So that's how we have to add it and then So that's how we have to add it and then save it. Now for this all the input save it. Now for this all the input save it. Now for this all the input value now you can provide a value from value now you can provide a value from value now you can provide a value from the form test case dot title. Then for the form test case dot title. Then for the form test case dot title. Then for this one we'll say form test case dot this one we'll say form test case dot this one we'll say form test case dot description. description. description. For this we'll say value form test case For this we'll say value form test case For this we'll say value form test case dot target route and then last but not dot target route and then last but not dot target route and then last but not least least least form test case form test case form test case dot dot dot expected result. Okay and now if I go expected result. Okay and now if I go expected result. Okay and now if I go back to any of this setting you will see back to any of this setting you will see back to any of this setting you will see we have the title description index and we have the title description index and we have the title description index and expected result at to populate. Okay. So expected result at to populate. Okay. So expected result at to populate. Okay. So that's how you have to add. Now anything that's how you have to add. Now anything that's how you have to add. Now anything you can update it according to your you can update it according to your you can update it according to your need. And right now if I try to update need. And right now if I try to update need. And right now if I try to update anything it will not allow me. See right anything it will not allow me. See right anything it will not allow me. See right I even though if I enter the any uh I even though if I enter the any uh I even though if I enter the any uh keyboard keys it will not allow. That's keyboard keys it will not allow. That's keyboard keys it will not allow. That's because we don't have the on change because we don't have the on change because we don't have the on change event to any of this field. Now to event to any of this field. Now to event to any of this field. Now to implement that implement that implement that so for each of them we'll add on value so for each of them we'll add on value so for each of them we'll add on value change. So here we will say on or sorry change. So here we will say on or sorry change. So here we will say on or sorry the on change event. So it will emit the the on change event. So it will emit the the on change event. So it will emit the event and then you can even directly set event and then you can even directly set event and then you can even directly set uh the specific uh the specific uh the specific um value. Okay. So you have two option um value. Okay. So you have two option um value. Okay. So you have two option either you can call one method which is either you can call one method which is either you can call one method which is the easiest not easiest but which is the the easiest not easiest but which is the the easiest not easiest but which is the uh good way to define it. So here we'll uh good way to define it. So here we'll uh good way to define it. So here we'll say handle input input change and then you have to input change and then you have to input change and then you have to provide the field name which is the provide the field name which is the provide the field name which is the title and then the respective value. So title and then the respective value. So title and then the respective value. So here we'll say event dot target dot here we'll say event dot target dot here we'll say event dot target dot value. Now this hand input change is not value. Now this hand input change is not value. Now this hand input change is not defined yet. So we'll define that. defined yet. So we'll define that. defined yet. So we'll define that. Okay. And here we'll say fill name of Okay. And here we'll say fill name of Okay. And here we'll say fill name of type string and then value of time type string and then value of time type string and then value of time string. string. string. Now once you have that uh method Now once you have that uh method Now once you have that uh method implement I will copy that everywhere implement I will copy that everywhere implement I will copy that everywhere and we'll paste it. But only thing that and we'll paste it. But only thing that and we'll paste it. But only thing that you need to change is the uh field name. you need to change is the uh field name. you need to change is the uh field name. So in this case we'll say description. Then here we'll say Then here we'll say Then here we'll say target route. target route. target route. And then last we have the expected And then last we have the expected And then last we have the expected result. result. result. Okay. Now over here we're going to Okay. Now over here we're going to Okay. Now over here we're going to simply say set form test case. simply say set form test case. simply say set form test case. Then we need to make sure the all the Then we need to make sure the all the Then we need to make sure the all the previous value is there. And then previous value is there. And then previous value is there. And then inside that we'll keep the previous inside that we'll keep the previous inside that we'll keep the previous value. And then we need to add or we value. And then we need to add or we value. And then we need to add or we need to change the value for that need to change the value for that need to change the value for that particular field name. So we'll say particular field name. So we'll say particular field name. So we'll say field name colon value. And that's how field name colon value. And that's how field name colon value. And that's how uh you have to set the value. After that uh you have to set the value. After that uh you have to set the value. After that we have this submit button or sorry the we have this submit button or sorry the we have this submit button or sorry the update case button and on that we need update case button and on that we need update case button and on that we need to call an API. So here we say constant to call an API. So here we say constant to call an API. So here we say constant update case and the arrow function and update case and the arrow function and update case and the arrow function and then I will simply going to add on click then I will simply going to add on click then I will simply going to add on click event to this and we'll call this update case. Now and we'll call this update case. Now and we'll call this update case. Now update case with what what it will do update case with what what it will do update case with what what it will do whatever the we have inside the form whatever the we have inside the form whatever the we have inside the form test case that we are going to pass um test case that we are going to pass um test case that we are going to pass um to the API endpoint right so inside this to the API endpoint right so inside this to the API endpoint right so inside this API we'll create a new API called uh set API we'll create a new API called uh set API we'll create a new API called uh set test case setting test test case setting test test case setting test or we'll just add a test cases we or we'll just add a test cases we or we'll just add a test cases we already have uh this endpoint maybe already have uh this endpoint maybe already have uh this endpoint maybe inside the test cases only we'll add inside the test cases only we'll add inside the test cases only we'll add a setting as a new a setting as a new a setting as a new uh endpoint point. So let's create a uh endpoint point. So let's create a uh endpoint point. So let's create a folder. So we'll say test folder. So we'll say test folder. So we'll say test case setting case setting case setting or let's just add or let's just add or let's just add test uh settings test uh settings test uh settings tsx or ts. Oh my bad. Here we need to tsx or ts. Oh my bad. Here we need to tsx or ts. Oh my bad. Here we need to add add add the folder name just settings. And then the folder name just settings. And then the folder name just settings. And then inside this we'll add route.tsx tsx file inside this we'll add route.tsx tsx file inside this we'll add route.tsx tsx file or ts file. Now inside that we'll say or ts file. Now inside that we'll say or ts file. Now inside that we'll say export a sync function then post export a sync function then post export a sync function then post request. Here we say request request. Here we say request request. Here we say request with the next request and the function. with the next request and the function. with the next request and the function. Inside this we need to get uh all the Inside this we need to get uh all the Inside this we need to get uh all the body parameter or you can say body or body parameter or you can say body or body parameter or you can say body or you can get the title then the you can get the title then the you can get the title then the description description description target route expected result and then target route expected result and then target route expected result and then the repo ID and inside that repo ID we the repo ID and inside that repo ID we the repo ID and inside that repo ID we also have the test case ID. So for also have the test case ID. So for also have the test case ID. So for example um you can pass this ID okay example um you can pass this ID okay example um you can pass this ID okay because that's the only thing that it because that's the only thing that it because that's the only thing that it differentiate right. So that what we are differentiate right. So that what we are differentiate right. So that what we are going to pass. going to pass. going to pass. So we can call it as a test ID. Test So we can call it as a test ID. Test So we can call it as a test ID. Test case id. case id. case id. Okay. So that's how you have to add it. Okay. So that's how you have to add it. Okay. So that's how you have to add it. Then in order to update your database Then in order to update your database Then in order to update your database simply we are going to write constant simply we are going to write constant simply we are going to write constant uh result is equal to await db dot uh result is equal to await db dot uh result is equal to await db dot update. Then which table you need to update. Then which table you need to update. Then which table you need to update which is a test cases table dot update which is a test cases table dot update which is a test cases table dot set and inside that we'll pass a type set and inside that we'll pass a type set and inside that we'll pass a type description target route and the description target route and the description target route and the expected result right but here you need expected result right but here you need expected result right but here you need to add a wear condition to add a wear condition to add a wear condition inside this we need to add equal to from inside this we need to add equal to from inside this we need to add equal to from the result and then we'll say test case the result and then we'll say test case the result and then we'll say test case table dot table dot table dot id matches with the test case id that's id matches with the test case id that's id matches with the test case id that's all you don't need this repo id. So I all you don't need this repo id. So I all you don't need this repo id. So I will remove that and then save it. So will remove that and then save it. So will remove that and then save it. So once it is updated once it is updated once it is updated you can return the next response dot you can return the next response dot you can return the next response dot JSON with the result and in order to get JSON with the result and in order to get JSON with the result and in order to get some um updated record in the result you some um updated record in the result you some um updated record in the result you can say returning. can say returning. can say returning. Okay so it will return the updated Okay so it will return the updated Okay so it will return the updated record back and here you can just simply record back and here you can just simply record back and here you can just simply add of zero. So it will only return that add of zero. So it will only return that add of zero. So it will only return that first um object. Okay. Now after this first um object. Okay. Now after this first um object. Okay. Now after this let's go back and then to our test let's go back and then to our test let's go back and then to our test setting dialogue and we have to make setting dialogue and we have to make setting dialogue and we have to make sure after update it will refresh uh the sure after update it will refresh uh the sure after update it will refresh uh the uh test cases right but before that uh test cases right but before that uh test cases right but before that let's make the API call so it will let's make the API call so it will let's make the API call so it will update it so here we'll say constant update it so here we'll say constant update it so here we'll say constant result is equal to await axios dot post result is equal to await axios dot post result is equal to await axios dot post and then inside that we'll say / ai/ and then inside that we'll say / ai/ and then inside that we'll say / ai/ test cases test cases test cases and then we need to pass all the form and then we need to pass all the form and then we need to pass all the form test cases value. So we'll pass it like test cases value. So we'll pass it like test cases value. So we'll pass it like this. And for the test case id, we can this. And for the test case id, we can this. And for the test case id, we can get it from the test case do ID here. get it from the test case do ID here. get it from the test case do ID here. Let's mark this as a async. Let's mark this as a async. Let's mark this as a async. And if you want you can verify the And if you want you can verify the And if you want you can verify the result by consoling that result dot result by consoling that result dot result by consoling that result dot data. Okay. And then we have to refresh data. Okay. And then we have to refresh data. Okay. And then we have to refresh it. You can even show the proper toast it. You can even show the proper toast it. You can even show the proper toast notification message that the test case notification message that the test case notification message that the test case is updated. But here don't forget to uh is updated. But here don't forget to uh is updated. But here don't forget to uh I will say set reload I will say set reload I will say set reload and this set reload I'm going to pass and this set reload I'm going to pass and this set reload I'm going to pass back to the parent component. back to the parent component. back to the parent component. So here we say test oh sorry set So here we say test oh sorry set So here we say test oh sorry set reload let add that of type any okay so here we let add that of type any okay so here we let add that of type any okay so here we are just updating now inside the test are just updating now inside the test are just updating now inside the test case list if you see we got error means case list if you see we got error means case list if you see we got error means something is missing and that's why something is missing and that's why something is missing and that's why TypeScript will give you what is missing TypeScript will give you what is missing TypeScript will give you what is missing and what not here um again for the set and what not here um again for the set and what not here um again for the set reload you can again pass set reload to reload you can again pass set reload to reload you can again pass set reload to okay we have this on reload already so okay we have this on reload already so okay we have this on reload already so we can call on reload over here okay on we can call on reload over here okay on we can call on reload over here okay on the click of set reload and then save the click of set reload and then save the click of set reload and then save it. Now let's test this out. Let me it. Now let's test this out. Let me it. Now let's test this out. Let me refresh this complete app. Then we'll refresh this complete app. Then we'll refresh this complete app. Then we'll open this. Right now if you see test open this. Right now if you see test open this. Right now if you see test case loaded. Now let's open any case loaded. Now let's open any case loaded. Now let's open any settings. And here we will say verify settings. And here we will say verify settings. And here we will say verify project card display index project card project card display index project card project card display index project card match the count and content defined in match the count and content defined in match the count and content defined in lib do data lib do data lib do data and make sure spelling spelling spelling is correct. So we can write something is correct. So we can write something is correct. So we can write something like this and just click update case. like this and just click update case. like this and just click update case. Once you click update case you will see Once you click update case you will see Once you click update case you will see it refreshed the data. Okay. But let me it refreshed the data. Okay. But let me it refreshed the data. Okay. But let me open it and we just updated I think this open it and we just updated I think this open it and we just updated I think this one and not this one. Okay. So we one and not this one. Okay. So we one and not this one. Okay. So we updated this verify project card updated this verify project card updated this verify project card display. If I open it and then you will display. If I open it and then you will display. If I open it and then you will see the lib data and then we also added see the lib data and then we also added see the lib data and then we also added make sure spelling is correct. It means make sure spelling is correct. It means make sure spelling is correct. It means our test cases is now updating. Okay. So our test cases is now updating. Okay. So our test cases is now updating. Okay. So that's how uh you have to update it. that's how uh you have to update it. that's how uh you have to update it. Obviously here we have refresh button to Obviously here we have refresh button to Obviously here we have refresh button to refresh it any time. But make sure on refresh it any time. But make sure on refresh it any time. But make sure on the click of setting uh whichever thing the click of setting uh whichever thing the click of setting uh whichever thing you want to update just update it and you want to update just update it and you want to update just update it and then uh you are good to go. Okay. Now then uh you are good to go. Okay. Now then uh you are good to go. Okay. Now you can select whichever test case you you can select whichever test case you you can select whichever test case you want and click run select. But before want and click run select. But before want and click run select. But before that it is very important to add the that it is very important to add the that it is very important to add the repo levels setting option so that you repo levels setting option so that you repo levels setting option so that you can add any authentication u uh data can add any authentication u uh data can add any authentication u uh data like if your application need a sign in like if your application need a sign in like if your application need a sign in or sign up right you can add a username or sign up right you can add a username or sign up right you can add a username password there. password there. password there. also uh the application URL that part is also uh the application URL that part is also uh the application URL that part is also important while executing any test also important while executing any test also important while executing any test cases. cases. cases. Now just above the status card we want Now just above the status card we want Now just above the status card we want to add a section for the repo config. to add a section for the repo config. to add a section for the repo config. Okay or project config we can call. So Okay or project config we can call. So Okay or project config we can call. So let's go back to our application let's go back to our application let's go back to our application and inside that we have this workspace and inside that we have this workspace and inside that we have this workspace body or not workspace body my bad. So we body or not workspace body my bad. So we body or not workspace body my bad. So we need to go go to the user report list uh need to go go to the user report list uh need to go go to the user report list uh repo list and inside this if you see repo list and inside this if you see repo list and inside this if you see about the status card um we can add about the status card um we can add about the status card um we can add those. So maybe over here let's add a do those. So maybe over here let's add a do those. So maybe over here let's add a do and inside that just add a text called and inside that just add a text called and inside that just add a text called settings so that you will see where we settings so that you will see where we settings so that you will see where we are actually adding those option. And are actually adding those option. And are actually adding those option. And right now if you see this setting thing right now if you see this setting thing right now if you see this setting thing perfect now here perfect now here perfect now here uh first uh first uh first I will add a div inside that we'll add a I will add a div inside that we'll add a I will add a div inside that we'll add a globe icon globe icon globe icon then then then we'll add H2 tag and here we'll say we'll add H2 tag and here we'll say we'll add H2 tag and here we'll say target target target domain so on which domain you want to domain so on which domain you want to domain so on which domain you want to run these test cases right so that's run these test cases right so that's run these test cases right so that's what we added and then we'll add the domain name. we'll add the domain name. we'll add the domain name. Right now we don't have any domain name Right now we don't have any domain name Right now we don't have any domain name added right. So we have to update that added right. So we have to update that added right. So we have to update that domain name. If it's not there obviously domain name. If it's not there obviously domain name. If it's not there obviously we have to uh update it. So inside the we have to uh update it. So inside the we have to uh update it. So inside the schema file uh on the repo level we have schema file uh on the repo level we have schema file uh on the repo level we have to add the to add the to add the domain name. So here we'll say target domain name. So here we'll say target domain name. So here we'll say target domain and then we'll say vcare domain and then we'll say vcare domain and then we'll say vcare with a target domain. Okay. And then with a target domain. Okay. And then with a target domain. Okay. And then save it. You can set the default value save it. You can set the default value save it. You can set the default value to let's say http localhost. So here to let's say http localhost. So here to let's say http localhost. So here we'll say uh I will just copy this local we'll say uh I will just copy this local we'll say uh I will just copy this local host value as a default one. Okay. And then save as a default one. Okay. And then save as a default one. Okay. And then save it. Now obviously if you are updating it. Now obviously if you are updating it. Now obviously if you are updating this right you need to update your this right you need to update your this right you need to update your schema. So we'll go back and here we'll schema. So we'll go back and here we'll schema. So we'll go back and here we'll simply going to update our schema. simply going to update our schema. simply going to update our schema. So let's run this push command as once So let's run this push command as once So let's run this push command as once you update I will also run the studio to you update I will also run the studio to you update I will also run the studio to verify it's there. So if I refresh it verify it's there. So if I refresh it verify it's there. So if I refresh it for the repo level you will see a domain for the repo level you will see a domain for the repo level you will see a domain called target domain. Now let's use called target domain. Now let's use called target domain. Now let's use this. this. this. So we have this target domain added. So So we have this target domain added. So So we have this target domain added. So I will go back over here which we can I will go back over here which we can I will go back over here which we can use it in order to display the target use it in order to display the target use it in order to display the target domain. Now obviously maybe inside the domain. Now obviously maybe inside the domain. Now obviously maybe inside the type we don't have that type we don't have that type we don't have that uh target domain defined. So inside the uh target domain defined. So inside the uh target domain defined. So inside the user repo you can add this type called user repo you can add this type called user repo you can add this type called target domain as a string so that you target domain as a string so that you target domain as a string so that you can use inside this. So we'll say repo can use inside this. So we'll say repo can use inside this. So we'll say repo dot target domain and save it. So if I dot target domain and save it. So if I dot target domain and save it. So if I go back to our application go back to our application go back to our application um here it will display the target um here it will display the target um here it will display the target domain but u make sure to refresh domain but u make sure to refresh domain but u make sure to refresh because it's fetching from the database. because it's fetching from the database. because it's fetching from the database. And once you have that And once you have that And once you have that you can simply add some styling. you can simply add some styling. you can simply add some styling. So over here first I will say a class So over here first I will say a class So over here first I will say a class name. I will add a background gray 50. name. I will add a background gray 50. name. I will add a background gray 50. Then I will also add some padding. Then I will also add some padding. Then I will also add some padding. And then we'll say border And then we'll say border And then we'll say border with a rounded corner. So we'll say with a rounded corner. So we'll say with a rounded corner. So we'll say rounded excel. And then save it. After rounded excel. And then save it. After rounded excel. And then save it. After that, that, that, oh let's move this to the parent view. oh let's move this to the parent view. oh let's move this to the parent view. And for this one, we'll just say flex And for this one, we'll just say flex And for this one, we'll just say flex then gap to three item to be in the then gap to three item to be in the then gap to three item to be in the center. So let's see how it looks. center. So let's see how it looks. center. So let's see how it looks. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Now for this H2 tag, I will add a class Now for this H2 tag, I will add a class Now for this H2 tag, I will add a class name. We'll say a background white with name. We'll say a background white with name. We'll say a background white with a padding to one, padding X to two, and a padding to one, padding X to two, and a padding to one, padding X to two, and then a border to it with a rounded then a border to it with a rounded then a border to it with a rounded um medium. um medium. um medium. Perfect. This look good, right? And you Perfect. This look good, right? And you Perfect. This look good, right? And you can change this color. So here we say can change this color. So here we say can change this color. So here we say text primary and then font medium. So text primary and then font medium. So text primary and then font medium. So just to give a better look. And for this just to give a better look. And for this just to give a better look. And for this icon as well, I'm going to change the icon as well, I'm going to change the icon as well, I'm going to change the icon color. So we'll say class name icon color. So we'll say class name icon color. So we'll say class name text text text primary here instead of global icon. I primary here instead of global icon. I primary here instead of global icon. I don't know which icon we need to add. don't know which icon we need to add. don't know which icon we need to add. But let's add this link to icon. I think But let's add this link to icon. I think But let's add this link to icon. I think that is also look good. that is also look good. that is also look good. Yeah, that's look good. And then we have Yeah, that's look good. And then we have Yeah, that's look good. And then we have target domain. Now on the right hand target domain. Now on the right hand target domain. Now on the right hand side, we'll add a button. side, we'll add a button. side, we'll add a button. So here we'll say button So here we'll say button So here we'll say button and then we call it as a project config. and then we call it as a project config. and then we call it as a project config. We can add a setting icon. So we'll say We can add a setting icon. So we'll say We can add a setting icon. So we'll say setting setting setting with a class name height to four, width with a class name height to four, width with a class name height to four, width to four and margin right to one. to four and margin right to one. to four and margin right to one. So we have this button. Now we can move So we have this button. Now we can move So we have this button. Now we can move that on the right side. So maybe make it that on the right side. So maybe make it that on the right side. So maybe make it flex or not here. I think that is flex or not here. I think that is flex or not here. I think that is already good. But for this one, we'll already good. But for this one, we'll already good. But for this one, we'll make it flex and then justify between make it flex and then justify between make it flex and then justify between along with item to be in the center. So along with item to be in the center. So along with item to be in the center. So it will be on the right side. Okay. So it will be on the right side. Okay. So it will be on the right side. Okay. So you can easily uh click on this one in you can easily uh click on this one in you can easily uh click on this one in order to configure your uh project level order to configure your uh project level order to configure your uh project level uh settings. Now on the click of this uh settings. Now on the click of this uh settings. Now on the click of this project config project config project config uh we want to open a dialogue and on the uh we want to open a dialogue and on the uh we want to open a dialogue and on the dialogue we want to add an option to dialogue we want to add an option to dialogue we want to add an option to update the domain and user have option update the domain and user have option update the domain and user have option to update the instruction as well. So I to update the instruction as well. So I to update the instruction as well. So I will create a new custom component will create a new custom component will create a new custom component and we can call it this as repo and we can call it this as repo and we can call it this as repo settings. settings. settings. So this is a repo level setting okay or So this is a repo level setting okay or So this is a repo level setting okay or project level setting we can call. Let's project level setting we can call. Let's project level setting we can call. Let's add a default uh template. Then for the add a default uh template. Then for the add a default uh template. Then for the dialogue component, dialogue component, dialogue component, we'll copy this import statement from we'll copy this import statement from we'll copy this import statement from the chat documentation and then the the chat documentation and then the the chat documentation and then the dialog settings. dialog settings. dialog settings. Something like this. Now obviously you Something like this. Now obviously you Something like this. Now obviously you can um import can um import can um import the dialogue directly inside the repo the dialogue directly inside the repo the dialogue directly inside the repo setting as a repo setting component. And setting as a repo setting component. And setting as a repo setting component. And then in order to trigger this dialogue I then in order to trigger this dialogue I then in order to trigger this dialogue I will use this button component similar will use this button component similar will use this button component similar the way which we implemented for the the way which we implemented for the the way which we implemented for the test case dialogue. Right now over here test case dialogue. Right now over here test case dialogue. Right now over here I will change this and we'll call it as I will change this and we'll call it as I will change this and we'll call it as a project a project a project /reo /reo /reo settings. settings. settings. Uh if you want you can add icon Uh if you want you can add icon Uh if you want you can add icon and let's see how it looks. and let's see how it looks. and let's see how it looks. Oh, somehow it reload again. And then Oh, somehow it reload again. And then Oh, somehow it reload again. And then you can go to this project config. And you can go to this project config. And you can go to this project config. And if you see, we have this beautiful uh if you see, we have this beautiful uh if you see, we have this beautiful uh heading. But for this title, we'll say heading. But for this title, we'll say heading. But for this title, we'll say make it flex gap to two item to be in make it flex gap to two item to be in make it flex gap to two item to be in the center. So it will be in one line. the center. So it will be in one line. the center. So it will be in one line. Um for this setting, I will change this Um for this setting, I will change this Um for this setting, I will change this color to let's say text primary. color to let's say text primary. color to let's say text primary. Then for the description, I already Then for the description, I already Then for the description, I already copied one. So I will paste the copied one. So I will paste the copied one. So I will paste the description as it is. So this is how it description as it is. So this is how it description as it is. So this is how it look like. After that look like. After that look like. After that we'll add a div just before after the we'll add a div just before after the we'll add a div just before after the header. And then header. And then header. And then I will add another div for a label. And I will add another div for a label. And I will add another div for a label. And inside the label we'll say app inside the label we'll say app inside the label we'll say app URL or /default URL or /default URL or /default website. website. website. Then we want to add an input field. So Then we want to add an input field. So Then we want to add an input field. So we'll say input we'll say input we'll say input here we'll say placeholder as app url/d here we'll say placeholder as app url/d here we'll say placeholder as app url/d domain then for this one I will add a class then for this one I will add a class then for this one I will add a class name we'll give margin top to one and name we'll give margin top to one and name we'll give margin top to one and then I will copy this do again and here then I will copy this do again and here then I will copy this do again and here label I will change this to label I will change this to label I will change this to global test instruction. global test instruction. global test instruction. So inside the global test instruction So inside the global test instruction So inside the global test instruction you can add like authentication you can add like authentication you can add like authentication parameter or some cookies instruction or parameter or some cookies instruction or parameter or some cookies instruction or anything like that. Okay, instead of anything like that. Okay, instead of anything like that. Okay, instead of input I will change this to a text area input I will change this to a text area input I will change this to a text area and here we will say instructions and save it. and save it. and save it. Now obviously we need to give some Now obviously we need to give some Now obviously we need to give some margin. So here we will say margin top margin. So here we will say margin top margin. So here we will say margin top to four. So some space and for this to four. So some space and for this to four. So some space and for this label I will change the text color to label I will change the text color to label I will change the text color to let's say gray let's say gray let's say gray 500 and I will copy those for the 500 and I will copy those for the 500 and I will copy those for the instruct the global test instruction instruct the global test instruction instruct the global test instruction label as well and then at the end we label as well and then at the end we label as well and then at the end we want to give a save config option. Now want to give a save config option. Now want to give a save config option. Now you can also add some small u note about you can also add some small u note about you can also add some small u note about what this is. So I will add a small P what this is. So I will add a small P what this is. So I will add a small P tag and I will make this text extra tag and I will make this text extra tag and I will make this text extra small and we'll change this color to small and we'll change this color to small and we'll change this color to let's say gray 400 something like this. let's say gray 400 something like this. let's say gray 400 something like this. See so with the extra instruction and See so with the extra instruction and See so with the extra instruction and same thing I'm going to do for this one same thing I'm going to do for this one same thing I'm going to do for this one as well and we'll copy the same class name over and we'll copy the same class name over and we'll copy the same class name over here. Perfect. And then we can add a here. Perfect. And then we can add a here. Perfect. And then we can add a button. So we'll say dialog footer and button. So we'll say dialog footer and button. So we'll say dialog footer and inside the dialog footer we'll say inside the dialog footer we'll say inside the dialog footer we'll say dialog dialog dialog close component. Inside this we'll add a close component. Inside this we'll add a close component. Inside this we'll add a button let's say cancel. We'll change button let's say cancel. We'll change button let's say cancel. We'll change this variant to outline only. And we'll this variant to outline only. And we'll this variant to outline only. And we'll add another button add another button add another button to save it. to save it. to save it. And right now if you see we have these And right now if you see we have these And right now if you see we have these two button instead of save we'll say two button instead of save we'll say two button instead of save we'll say save save save config. Perfect. Now on the close config. Perfect. Now on the close config. Perfect. Now on the close obviously it close it. But if I open it obviously it close it. But if I open it obviously it close it. But if I open it then you have this option. then you have this option. then you have this option. Now we already added a default website Now we already added a default website Now we already added a default website or um the target website fill name. or um the target website fill name. or um the target website fill name. Right? But along with that one we also Right? But along with that one we also Right? But along with that one we also want to add the instruction as a new want to add the instruction as a new want to add the instruction as a new column. So basically I will go back to column. So basically I will go back to column. So basically I will go back to the schema file and inside this we can the schema file and inside this we can the schema file and inside this we can add add add um um um instruction. So we'll say global instruction. So we'll say global instruction. So we'll say global instruction with a text as a global instruction with a text as a global instruction with a text as a global instruction. Okay. And then save it. So instruction. Okay. And then save it. So instruction. Okay. And then save it. So user can add whatever the instruction he user can add whatever the instruction he user can add whatever the instruction he want. Then once you add this new column, want. Then once you add this new column, want. Then once you add this new column, you can update your schema you can update your schema you can update your schema and then you can run the studio so that and then you can run the studio so that and then you can run the studio so that now you have the global instruction as a now you have the global instruction as a now you have the global instruction as a new uh uh field. But don't forget to new uh uh field. But don't forget to new uh uh field. But don't forget to update inside your type as well because update inside your type as well because update inside your type as well because we need this parameter. we need this parameter. we need this parameter. Now this is optional. You can add a Now this is optional. You can add a Now this is optional. You can add a question mark to make those as optional. question mark to make those as optional. question mark to make those as optional. Now Now Now inside this obviously we need to get inside this obviously we need to get inside this obviously we need to get some default value if it's already some default value if it's already some default value if it's already inside the uh database. So from the user inside the uh database. So from the user inside the uh database. So from the user repo list where we are using that repo list where we are using that repo list where we are using that dialogue uh the repo setting dialogue dialogue uh the repo setting dialogue dialogue uh the repo setting dialogue right. So over here we'll pass a repo right. So over here we'll pass a repo right. So over here we'll pass a repo inform information. So we'll say repo as inform information. So we'll say repo as inform information. So we'll say repo as it is and then inside the repo setting I it is and then inside the repo setting I it is and then inside the repo setting I will accept this as a repo and then will accept this as a repo and then will accept this as a repo and then we'll say type props. We'll define a we'll say type props. We'll define a we'll say type props. We'll define a type type type props as props as props as repo and then user repo and then user repo and then user repo as a type. Then you can provide a repo as a type. Then you can provide a repo as a type. Then you can provide a default value for each of these input default value for each of these input default value for each of these input field. So we'll say repo dot the default field. So we'll say repo dot the default field. So we'll say repo dot the default value but we want to also update those value but we want to also update those value but we want to also update those uh input similar like this. So we'll uh input similar like this. So we'll uh input similar like this. So we'll define a state. So we'll say repo uh define a state. So we'll say repo uh define a state. So we'll say repo uh settings comma set repo settings settings settings is equal to use state is equal to use state is equal to use state and by default I'm going to add a target domain as a setting and then global domain as a setting and then global domain as a setting and then global instruction is the another field. Okay. instruction is the another field. Okay. instruction is the another field. Okay. So only these two field we needed and So only these two field we needed and So only these two field we needed and inside the input now you can use uh repo inside the input now you can use uh repo inside the input now you can use uh repo settings dot target domain and for this settings dot target domain and for this settings dot target domain and for this one we'll say repo settings dot global one we'll say repo settings dot global one we'll say repo settings dot global instruction. instruction. instruction. Now for each of them we need to add on Now for each of them we need to add on Now for each of them we need to add on value change method. So we'll add on value change method. So we'll add on value change method. So we'll add on change. Now inside the onchange change. Now inside the onchange change. Now inside the onchange obviously it will emit the event e. Then obviously it will emit the event e. Then obviously it will emit the event e. Then you can directly set the value. So we'll you can directly set the value. So we'll you can directly set the value. So we'll say set repo setting. Then inside that say set repo setting. Then inside that say set repo setting. Then inside that we'll say we have to keep all the repo we'll say we have to keep all the repo we'll say we have to keep all the repo setting and then the target domain will setting and then the target domain will setting and then the target domain will be e dot be e dot be e dot target dot value. As simple as that okay target dot value. As simple as that okay target dot value. As simple as that okay same thing I will copy it and I will same thing I will copy it and I will same thing I will copy it and I will paste for this instruction on change. Okay. So here as well we added the Okay. So here as well we added the Okay. So here as well we added the instruction on change. Now on the click instruction on change. Now on the click instruction on change. Now on the click of save config we want to save it. So of save config we want to save it. So of save config we want to save it. So here we'll say constant here we'll say constant here we'll say constant handle save setting. So right now this handle save setting. So right now this handle save setting. So right now this is just a instruction uh added or is just a instruction uh added or is just a instruction uh added or suggested by the AI. So I just click suggested by the AI. So I just click suggested by the AI. So I just click tab. So it will display it. Now this tab. So it will display it. Now this tab. So it will display it. Now this particular method we need to attach to particular method we need to attach to particular method we need to attach to this save config something like this and this save config something like this and this save config something like this and then save it. Now again we need to then save it. Now again we need to then save it. Now again we need to create an API endpoint in order to save create an API endpoint in order to save create an API endpoint in order to save those. So I will go to the reports. Uh those. So I will go to the reports. Uh those. So I will go to the reports. Uh let's go to the user repo and inside let's go to the user repo and inside let's go to the user repo and inside that we'll create a setting as a API that we'll create a setting as a API that we'll create a setting as a API endpoint and then we'll create a route endpoint and then we'll create a route endpoint and then we'll create a route ts file. Here we'll say export a sync ts file. Here we'll say export a sync ts file. Here we'll say export a sync function. This is a post request. function. This is a post request. function. This is a post request. So we'll say request next request and So we'll say request next request and So we'll say request next request and the arrow the function here we'll say the arrow the function here we'll say the arrow the function here we'll say constant. constant. constant. Um we need a repo id. Um we need a repo id. Um we need a repo id. You can also get the user id then the You can also get the user id then the You can also get the user id then the target domain and then global target domain and then global target domain and then global instruction. Okay. So that everything we instruction. Okay. So that everything we instruction. Okay. So that everything we are getting from the uh post body. Then are getting from the uh post body. Then are getting from the uh post body. Then inside this in order to update you can inside this in order to update you can inside this in order to update you can simply say await db dot update. simply say await db dot update. simply say await db dot update. Then you need to update the report Then you need to update the report Then you need to update the report table. So I will just check what is the table. So I will just check what is the table. So I will just check what is the name. So this is called a repositories name. So this is called a repositories name. So this is called a repositories only. Then here we say set Then here we say set Then here we say set and inside that you need to pass target and inside that you need to pass target and inside that you need to pass target domain and instruction. But don't forget domain and instruction. But don't forget domain and instruction. But don't forget to add where clause and only things that to add where clause and only things that to add where clause and only things that you need to update or only record you you need to update or only record you you need to update or only record you need to update. So here we'll say need to update. So here we'll say need to update. So here we'll say repository dot repo ID and then repo ID. repository dot repo ID and then repo ID. repository dot repo ID and then repo ID. That's all. That's all. That's all. Now once you have the repo id Now once you have the repo id Now once you have the repo id then you can simply return the updated then you can simply return the updated then you can simply return the updated result and then here we'll return result and then here we'll return result and then here we'll return next response dot json with result and next response dot json with result and next response dot json with result and then save it. So we don't need user ID then save it. So we don't need user ID then save it. So we don't need user ID but remember if you use authenticated but remember if you use authenticated but remember if you use authenticated information then you can protect your information then you can protect your information then you can protect your all the API route as well. Okay. So that all the API route as well. Okay. So that all the API route as well. Okay. So that is also important. Now once you save it is also important. Now once you save it is also important. Now once you save it then uh you can go back to repo setting then uh you can go back to repo setting then uh you can go back to repo setting and here you can call this method. So and here you can call this method. So and here you can call this method. So we'll say constant result is equal to await result is equal to await result is equal to await axios dot axios dot axios dot post and the setting option. post and the setting option. post and the setting option. Now inside this we need to pass the body Now inside this we need to pass the body Now inside this we need to pass the body parameter like repo and obviously repo parameter like repo and obviously repo parameter like repo and obviously repo id target domain and global instruction id target domain and global instruction id target domain and global instruction that we'll get it from this uh state that we'll get it from this uh state that we'll get it from this uh state here we are using a let's make this as a here we are using a let's make this as a here we are using a let's make this as a sync sync sync and then once you get the result you can and then once you get the result you can and then once you get the result you can console this result if you want okay console this result if you want okay console this result if you want okay just for the testing purpose and then uh just for the testing purpose and then uh just for the testing purpose and then uh you need to reload your project so over you need to reload your project so over you need to reload your project so over here we'll set the reload as a here we'll set the reload as a here we'll set the reload as a function so that we can pass back. function so that we can pass back. function so that we can pass back. So over here we'll say repo oh sorry u So over here we'll say repo oh sorry u So over here we'll say repo oh sorry u set reload. So we'll say set reload and set reload. So we'll say set reload and set reload. So we'll say set reload and make sure to pass this prop as well. Now make sure to pass this prop as well. Now make sure to pass this prop as well. Now inside the user repo list we'll get the inside the user repo list we'll get the inside the user repo list we'll get the set reload and make sure to uh update or set reload and make sure to uh update or set reload and make sure to uh update or get this repo information. Right? So you get this repo information. Right? So you get this repo information. Right? So you have to pass back again because this is have to pass back again because this is have to pass back again because this is again a child of some parent. again a child of some parent. again a child of some parent. So let's do that. Now once you have this set reload you Now once you have this set reload you Now once you have this set reload you can pass back again. can pass back again. can pass back again. So at the top I will pass it So at the top I will pass it So at the top I will pass it and for the prop and for the prop and for the prop we say avoid. Now again inside the we say avoid. Now again inside the we say avoid. Now again inside the workspace body that's where we are workspace body that's where we are workspace body that's where we are fetching the user uh repo right. So here fetching the user uh repo right. So here fetching the user uh repo right. So here we need to call this method. So we'll say So we'll say So we'll say get user repo get user added repo. Maybe you can call something like this Maybe you can call something like this Maybe you can call something like this as well and then save it. as well and then save it. as well and then save it. Now let's go back Now let's go back Now let's go back and then if I update this project config and then if I update this project config and then if I update this project config and I already have domain so I will and I already have domain so I will and I already have domain so I will paste it. Uh if you have any extraction paste it. Uh if you have any extraction paste it. Uh if you have any extraction you can add those instruction. So let me you can add those instruction. So let me you can add those instruction. So let me type it here. Oh so over here if you type it here. Oh so over here if you type it here. Oh so over here if you click on the project config if I update click on the project config if I update click on the project config if I update the website it allowing me. But here if the website it allowing me. But here if the website it allowing me. But here if I type the instruction is not that's I type the instruction is not that's I type the instruction is not that's because inside the repo setting we use because inside the repo setting we use because inside the repo setting we use this same uh target domain. We have to this same uh target domain. We have to this same uh target domain. We have to update this field to let's say global update this field to let's say global update this field to let's say global instruction. Okay. So that you can instruction. Okay. So that you can instruction. Okay. So that you can update it now. So here you can add the update it now. So here you can add the update it now. So here you can add the global instruction if you want. So he global instruction if you want. So he global instruction if you want. So he will say no instruction for now. It's will say no instruction for now. It's will say no instruction for now. It's not mandatory. And then click save not mandatory. And then click save not mandatory. And then click save config. Once you click save config, we config. Once you click save config, we config. Once you click save config, we have to make sure you will close this have to make sure you will close this have to make sure you will close this dialogue. Currently it's not closing dialogue. Currently it's not closing dialogue. Currently it's not closing this dialogue for some reason. But we'll this dialogue for some reason. But we'll this dialogue for some reason. But we'll update it. But here if you see now the update it. But here if you see now the update it. But here if you see now the target domain is updated. If I click target domain is updated. If I click target domain is updated. If I click project config again you will see all project config again you will see all project config again you will see all your field value as it is. Now in order your field value as it is. Now in order your field value as it is. Now in order to close those dialogue right we need to to close those dialogue right we need to to close those dialogue right we need to add one state inside the repos setting add one state inside the repos setting add one state inside the repos setting dialogue and inside this we'll at the dialogue and inside this we'll at the dialogue and inside this we'll at the top we'll say constant is open comma set top we'll say constant is open comma set top we'll say constant is open comma set is open to false and to this dialogue um is open to false and to this dialogue um is open to false and to this dialogue um we have open and then we'll set is open we have open and then we'll set is open we have open and then we'll set is open also this open value change on open also this open value change on open also this open value change on open change method. So over here you can add change method. So over here you can add change method. So over here you can add set is open with the open value. Now set is open with the open value. Now set is open with the open value. Now once uh it's saved right we need to once uh it's saved right we need to once uh it's saved right we need to close the dialogue. So basically close the dialogue. So basically close the dialogue. So basically inside the handle save setting inside the handle save setting inside the handle save setting you can add or you can just add set is you can add or you can just add set is you can add or you can just add set is open to false. So what we it will happen open to false. So what we it will happen open to false. So what we it will happen if I go to the project config click save if I go to the project config click save if I go to the project config click save config and then it close and obviously config and then it close and obviously config and then it close and obviously it will also reload your uh repo list. it will also reload your uh repo list. it will also reload your uh repo list. So that's how you have to update your So that's how you have to update your So that's how you have to update your repolish settings and the test case repolish settings and the test case repolish settings and the test case setting which is for the individual one. setting which is for the individual one. setting which is for the individual one. So that's all uh for this particular So that's all uh for this particular So that's all uh for this particular chapter. If you have any question let me chapter. If you have any question let me chapter. If you have any question let me know in the comment section. Now don't know in the comment section. Now don't know in the comment section. Now don't forget to push your code to the GitHub forget to push your code to the GitHub forget to push your code to the GitHub so that planark.dev will uh review your so that planark.dev will uh review your so that planark.dev will uh review your code and if there is some high um code and if there is some high um code and if there is some high um warnings or errors make sure to fix it. warnings or errors make sure to fix it. warnings or errors make sure to fix it. So let's create a new branch quickly. So let's create a new branch quickly. So let's create a new branch quickly. Here we'll say repo and test case Here we'll say repo and test case Here we'll say repo and test case settings. Then add or stage all of these changes. Then add or stage all of these changes. Then add or stage all of these changes. Then I will add a commit message. Say Then I will add a commit message. Say Then I will add a commit message. Say commit and then publish your branch. commit and then publish your branch. commit and then publish your branch. Then I will go back to my Then I will go back to my Then I will go back to my GitHub and inside that I will say GitHub and inside that I will say GitHub and inside that I will say compare and pull request. create a pull compare and pull request. create a pull compare and pull request. create a pull request and then once the pull request request and then once the pull request request and then once the pull request is created is created is created you will see the plan immediately start you will see the plan immediately start you will see the plan immediately start reviewing your code without doing any reviewing your code without doing any reviewing your code without doing any further delay and it's so fast that it further delay and it's so fast that it further delay and it's so fast that it will also give within some millisecond will also give within some millisecond will also give within some millisecond or in within few seconds you'll get the or in within few seconds you'll get the or in within few seconds you'll get the summary what are the changes you made summary what are the changes you made summary what are the changes you made how many token it used and all the how many token it used and all the how many token it used and all the instruction perfect right so that's how instruction perfect right so that's how instruction perfect right so that's how planark will help you to review your planark will help you to review your planark will help you to review your code and as you know that anytime you code and as you know that anytime you code and as you know that anytime you can go to your plan dashboard to review can go to your plan dashboard to review can go to your plan dashboard to review your all the changes at one place. your all the changes at one place. your all the changes at one place. Pretty cool, right? So, make sure uh to Pretty cool, right? So, make sure uh to Pretty cool, right? So, make sure uh to join the plan.dev and finish this join the plan.dev and finish this join the plan.dev and finish this chapter. Also, don't forget to merge chapter. Also, don't forget to merge chapter. Also, don't forget to merge your pull request. So, I will click this your pull request. So, I will click this your pull request. So, I will click this confirm and merge so that it will be confirm and merge so that it will be confirm and merge so that it will be inside your main branch. In this chapter, we are going to set up In this chapter, we are going to set up In this chapter, we are going to set up a browser base inside our application. a browser base inside our application. a browser base inside our application. Now till this point we have generated Now till this point we have generated Now till this point we have generated our test cases using AI but generating our test cases using AI but generating our test cases using AI but generating the test cases is only the first part. the test cases is only the first part. the test cases is only the first part. The real magic happen when you can The real magic happen when you can The real magic happen when you can actually run those test cases inside the actually run those test cases inside the actually run those test cases inside the real browser interact with the real browser interact with the real browser interact with the application click button fill the forms application click button fill the forms application click button fill the forms check navigation and verify the expected check navigation and verify the expected check navigation and verify the expected result and that's where the browser base result and that's where the browser base result and that's where the browser base comes in. Browserbase give us a cloud comes in. Browserbase give us a cloud comes in. Browserbase give us a cloud browser that you can control using a browser that you can control using a browser that you can control using a playright. So instead of running the playright. So instead of running the playright. So instead of running the browser only on your local machine, we browser only on your local machine, we browser only on your local machine, we can create a browser session in the can create a browser session in the can create a browser session in the cloud connect it using a playrite and cloud connect it using a playrite and cloud connect it using a playrite and write a script and execute it on uh write a script and execute it on uh write a script and execute it on uh depends on the session. So obviously depends on the session. So obviously depends on the session. So obviously whatever the AI generated test script we whatever the AI generated test script we whatever the AI generated test script we have we can run it in a real browser have we can run it in a real browser have we can run it in a real browser environment. So it has a lot of environment. So it has a lot of environment. So it has a lot of different uh API available like search different uh API available like search different uh API available like search API, fetch API and browser as a service. API, fetch API and browser as a service. API, fetch API and browser as a service. Browserbase is useful because it give us Browserbase is useful because it give us Browserbase is useful because it give us a cloud browser session play support a cloud browser session play support a cloud browser session play support session recording and debugging browser session recording and debugging browser session recording and debugging browser automation at scale and better way to automation at scale and better way to automation at scale and better way to run AI browser agent and automate your run AI browser agent and automate your run AI browser agent and automate your test case and that's what we are going test case and that's what we are going test case and that's what we are going to look browser base also is not not to look browser base also is not not to look browser base also is not not just any ordinary just any ordinary just any ordinary uh test case tool but it actually help uh test case tool but it actually help uh test case tool but it actually help us to build your a AI agent which will us to build your a AI agent which will us to build your a AI agent which will never never never It also authenticate your application It also authenticate your application It also authenticate your application where other API cannot reach. Then you where other API cannot reach. Then you where other API cannot reach. Then you can uh keep the browser base on can uh keep the browser base on can uh keep the browser base on throughout or using a cloud. So it will throughout or using a cloud. So it will throughout or using a cloud. So it will do some researching for you behind the do some researching for you behind the do some researching for you behind the scene. Also the most important thing scene. Also the most important thing scene. Also the most important thing solving the capture everything can be solving the capture everything can be solving the capture everything can be done using the browser base and there done using the browser base and there done using the browser base and there are lot of different use case you'll are lot of different use case you'll are lot of different use case you'll find right now. Um if you click the link find right now. Um if you click the link find right now. Um if you click the link in the description to get a free access in the description to get a free access in the description to get a free access to the browser base and then simply to the browser base and then simply to the browser base and then simply create a new account. Once you create a create a new account. Once you create a create a new account. Once you create a account simply login it and then you account simply login it and then you account simply login it and then you will jump onto the browser base will jump onto the browser base will jump onto the browser base workspace where on the left hand side workspace where on the left hand side workspace where on the left hand side you will see all the overview. Now I you will see all the overview. Now I you will see all the overview. Now I already connected to my any lot of already connected to my any lot of already connected to my any lot of personal application where browser base personal application where browser base personal application where browser base I'm using for uh in order to test it I'm using for uh in order to test it I'm using for uh in order to test it some of the cases. Now here you can see some of the cases. Now here you can see some of the cases. Now here you can see all the session uh which you executed all the session uh which you executed all the session uh which you executed right we have the function if you want right we have the function if you want right we have the function if you want to create and the most interesting part to create and the most interesting part to create and the most interesting part is running the function right now if you is running the function right now if you is running the function right now if you see we have the small script added here see we have the small script added here see we have the small script added here you can see the in order to test this you can see the in order to test this you can see the in order to test this out you can add whichever the script you out you can add whichever the script you out you can add whichever the script you want okay and then you can execute it in want okay and then you can execute it in want okay and then you can execute it in order to test this out now this is a order to test this out now this is a order to test this out now this is a simple example that it's launching a simple example that it's launching a simple example that it's launching a browser and then it's connected and then browser and then it's connected and then browser and then it's connected and then setting a time result. So if you want to setting a time result. So if you want to setting a time result. So if you want to uh let's say visit hacker news right so uh let's say visit hacker news right so uh let's say visit hacker news right so there is few line of code that you need there is few line of code that you need there is few line of code that you need to add obviously this code is nothing to add obviously this code is nothing to add obviously this code is nothing but the script which which we are but the script which which we are but the script which which we are already generating okay or we are going already generating okay or we are going already generating okay or we are going to generate this script in order to to generate this script in order to to generate this script in order to execute inside the browserbased API and execute inside the browserbased API and execute inside the browserbased API and uh obviously this uh script we are going uh obviously this uh script we are going uh obviously this uh script we are going to run in a real browser using the to run in a real browser using the to run in a real browser using the browserbased sessions and then uh once browserbased sessions and then uh once browserbased sessions and then uh once you click run you will see on the right you click run you will see on the right you click run you will see on the right hand side the actual execution. Below hand side the actual execution. Below hand side the actual execution. Below that you will see console. Over here it that you will see console. Over here it that you will see console. Over here it start launching the browser connected start launching the browser connected start launching the browser connected and success. So at the top you will see and success. So at the top you will see and success. So at the top you will see an actual preview. Now the interesting an actual preview. Now the interesting an actual preview. Now the interesting part is it also record the session means part is it also record the session means part is it also record the session means whatever happens right it will record whatever happens right it will record whatever happens right it will record the session and anytime you can check the session and anytime you can check the session and anytime you can check that out. Okay. So that's how easy it that out. Okay. So that's how easy it that out. Okay. So that's how easy it is. Now let's say I have one website is. Now let's say I have one website is. Now let's say I have one website called tubeji.com. If you want to get a called tubeji.com. If you want to get a called tubeji.com. If you want to get a free access to the tube guruji, you can free access to the tube guruji, you can free access to the tube guruji, you can just go ahead and check it out. There just go ahead and check it out. There just go ahead and check it out. There are lot of free courses and the source are lot of free courses and the source are lot of free courses and the source code along with this project source code code along with this project source code code along with this project source code is also available on the tube guruji. is also available on the tube guruji. is also available on the tube guruji. Now in order to verify some of the Now in order to verify some of the Now in order to verify some of the things on the tube goji landing page, I things on the tube goji landing page, I things on the tube goji landing page, I already wrote a script and generated by already wrote a script and generated by already wrote a script and generated by AI only. So I will paste this script. So AI only. So I will paste this script. So AI only. So I will paste this script. So let me stop it first and then I will let me stop it first and then I will let me stop it first and then I will paste this script. Basically in this paste this script. Basically in this paste this script. Basically in this script uh first it will go to the script uh first it will go to the script uh first it will go to the tube.com. Then it will consol it that it tube.com. Then it will consol it that it tube.com. Then it will consol it that it successfully navigated. Then it will successfully navigated. Then it will successfully navigated. Then it will test some navigation link. Okay. By test some navigation link. Okay. By test some navigation link. Okay. By clicking on those link okay and it will clicking on those link okay and it will clicking on those link okay and it will wait for some time to get the response. wait for some time to get the response. wait for some time to get the response. And if you see there is some small code. And if you see there is some small code. And if you see there is some small code. Now you don't need to understand each Now you don't need to understand each Now you don't need to understand each line by line things. Okay. Because this line by line things. Okay. Because this line by line things. Okay. Because this script we are generating inside our script we are generating inside our script we are generating inside our application using an AI and then you application using an AI and then you application using an AI and then you will see uh the complete execution. So will see uh the complete execution. So will see uh the complete execution. So there are total three test cases which there are total three test cases which there are total three test cases which I'm going to execute. Now once I click I'm going to execute. Now once I click I'm going to execute. Now once I click run you will see on the right hand side run you will see on the right hand side run you will see on the right hand side it will start opening the tubeji website it will start opening the tubeji website it will start opening the tubeji website and if you see at the top it open the and if you see at the top it open the and if you see at the top it open the tube guruji website at the bottom you tube guruji website at the bottom you tube guruji website at the bottom you will see the complete execution right will see the complete execution right will see the complete execution right starting a getting cta and lot of other starting a getting cta and lot of other starting a getting cta and lot of other things now right now it get failed test things now right now it get failed test things now right now it get failed test case that getting toucha button should case that getting toucha button should case that getting toucha button should be visible and it's missing right and be visible and it's missing right and be visible and it's missing right and that's what uh we have to fix it and that's what uh we have to fix it and that's what uh we have to fix it and then again you can run it so that's why then again you can run it so that's why then again you can run it so that's why browser base is quite important in the browser base is quite important in the browser base is quite important in the IT industry and many IT companies start IT industry and many IT companies start IT industry and many IT companies start using uh this browser base as well in using uh this browser base as well in using uh this browser base as well in order to do the automation testing and order to do the automation testing and order to do the automation testing and there are lot of use case as I say okay there are lot of use case as I say okay there are lot of use case as I say okay now in order to integrate that inside now in order to integrate that inside now in order to integrate that inside the application the application the application uh we have to write some code so let's uh we have to write some code so let's uh we have to write some code so let's go back go back go back and very first thing what we'll do we'll and very first thing what we'll do we'll and very first thing what we'll do we'll create an API key so here you have create an API key so here you have create an API key so here you have option to copy the API key. If you don't option to copy the API key. If you don't option to copy the API key. If you don't have, you can create a new one or you have, you can create a new one or you have, you can create a new one or you can go to the setting and from here you can go to the setting and from here you can go to the setting and from here you will see a project ID and the API key will see a project ID and the API key will see a project ID and the API key which you can copy and save it inside which you can copy and save it inside which you can copy and save it inside your um env file. So I will copy this your um env file. So I will copy this your um env file. So I will copy this project ID. Then I will go to the env project ID. Then I will go to the env project ID. Then I will go to the env file and inside this I will say browser base I will say browser base I will say browser base API key is equal to and we'll paste this API key is equal to and we'll paste this API key is equal to and we'll paste this key. After that I will also write a key. After that I will also write a key. After that I will also write a project key or this is a project key project key or this is a project key project key or this is a project key actually not a API key. So I will rename actually not a API key. So I will rename actually not a API key. So I will rename this to project ID. And then we also this to project ID. And then we also this to project ID. And then we also need a browser base need a browser base need a browser base API key and then we have to add this API key and then we have to add this API key and then we have to add this key. Now here you can update the setting key. Now here you can update the setting key. Now here you can update the setting and all. It's totally up to you. You and all. It's totally up to you. You and all. It's totally up to you. You will get a free usage as well um once will get a free usage as well um once will get a free usage as well um once you click the link in the description. you click the link in the description. you click the link in the description. Okay? So that you can test this out Okay? So that you can test this out Okay? So that you can test this out inside your u application which you are inside your u application which you are inside your u application which you are developing. developing. developing. Now let's understand how this browser Now let's understand how this browser Now let's understand how this browser script will execute. script will execute. script will execute. So once user click on run the test cases So once user click on run the test cases So once user click on run the test cases based on the all the whichever the test based on the all the whichever the test based on the all the whichever the test case user selected we will check if for case user selected we will check if for case user selected we will check if for those uh test cases the script is those uh test cases the script is those uh test cases the script is already generated or not. If not then we already generated or not. If not then we already generated or not. If not then we need to generate the script based on the need to generate the script based on the need to generate the script based on the route which we have and the file content route which we have and the file content route which we have and the file content which we will get it from the uh GitHub which we will get it from the uh GitHub which we will get it from the uh GitHub API. And then once we have that then API. And then once we have that then API. And then once we have that then we'll create and we'll generate the we'll create and we'll generate the we'll create and we'll generate the script and then we'll create a script and then we'll create a script and then we'll create a browserbased session on the cloud. It browserbased session on the cloud. It browserbased session on the cloud. It means we are going to create uh the means we are going to create uh the means we are going to create uh the actual session or actual um browser on actual session or actual um browser on actual session or actual um browser on the cloud. Okay. And which will uh the cloud. Okay. And which will uh the cloud. Okay. And which will uh contains our script to execute and once contains our script to execute and once contains our script to execute and once the script is executed then we'll uh log the script is executed then we'll uh log the script is executed then we'll uh log the all the result. Now we already saw the all the result. Now we already saw the all the result. Now we already saw the example in the playground how this the example in the playground how this the example in the playground how this session works. So whichever uh example session works. So whichever uh example session works. So whichever uh example you execute right it will create a new you execute right it will create a new you execute right it will create a new session let's say um let's add this session let's say um let's add this session let's say um let's add this right a to-do list okay which contain right a to-do list okay which contain right a to-do list okay which contain the item and then uh it added a to-do the item and then uh it added a to-do the item and then uh it added a to-do list it will create a new item into that list it will create a new item into that list it will create a new item into that and when you click run it will create a and when you click run it will create a and when you click run it will create a new session so if I click run on the new session so if I click run on the new session so if I click run on the right hand side you will see an actual right hand side you will see an actual right hand side you will see an actual implementation here we have the browser implementation here we have the browser implementation here we have the browser log as well but right now if you see you log as well but right now if you see you log as well but right now if you see you it actually implementing ing, clicking it actually implementing ing, clicking it actually implementing ing, clicking the drop-down, adding the elements and the drop-down, adding the elements and the drop-down, adding the elements and everything. And that's everything we are everything. And that's everything we are everything. And that's everything we are going to implement inside our app. And going to implement inside our app. And going to implement inside our app. And this is executed with the help of script this is executed with the help of script this is executed with the help of script only. Pretty cool, right? And then once only. Pretty cool, right? And then once only. Pretty cool, right? And then once you are done with the execution, you can you are done with the execution, you can you are done with the execution, you can stop the session. And here you will see stop the session. And here you will see stop the session. And here you will see the session is now saved. You can view the session is now saved. You can view the session is now saved. You can view the session. Inside the session, it the session. Inside the session, it the session. Inside the session, it actually record the complete execution. actually record the complete execution. actually record the complete execution. If I run this, you will see how it opens If I run this, you will see how it opens If I run this, you will see how it opens uh the to-do website. Then it add the uh the to-do website. Then it add the uh the to-do website. Then it add the data. If you see multiple data is added data. If you see multiple data is added data. If you see multiple data is added or to-do item added and then you will or to-do item added and then you will or to-do item added and then you will see the complete result. Whichever is see the complete result. Whichever is see the complete result. Whichever is done it mark as a complete those uh all done it mark as a complete those uh all done it mark as a complete those uh all the execution is already written in the the execution is already written in the the execution is already written in the script and that's what we are script and that's what we are script and that's what we are implementing. implementing. implementing. So this is the complete workflow. Now So this is the complete workflow. Now So this is the complete workflow. Now the code to run this test cases or the code to run this test cases or the code to run this test cases or generate or everything is too big. So I generate or everything is too big. So I generate or everything is too big. So I already wrote the script for you and we already wrote the script for you and we already wrote the script for you and we need to add that inside the / API test need to add that inside the / API test need to add that inside the / API test case run which will generate your case run which will generate your case run which will generate your um script as well as execute it. So I um script as well as execute it. So I um script as well as execute it. So I will copy this code as it is. Then we'll will copy this code as it is. Then we'll will copy this code as it is. Then we'll go back inside our um project and under go back inside our um project and under go back inside our um project and under the test cases we'll add a new API the test cases we'll add a new API the test cases we'll add a new API endpoint called run. Inside this we'll endpoint called run. Inside this we'll endpoint called run. Inside this we'll create a route.ts create a route.ts create a route.ts and then simply paste the code which you and then simply paste the code which you and then simply paste the code which you copied here. Remove these three strings copied here. Remove these three strings copied here. Remove these three strings something like this and then save it. something like this and then save it. something like this and then save it. Now before that we also need to make Now before that we also need to make Now before that we also need to make sure we will add the browserbased uh sure we will add the browserbased uh sure we will add the browserbased uh SDK. Okay. So you can just search on the SDK. Okay. So you can just search on the SDK. Okay. So you can just search on the browserbased documentation. I will put browserbased documentation. I will put browserbased documentation. I will put the link in the description or it also the link in the description or it also the link in the description or it also provide the npm package which you can provide the npm package which you can provide the npm package which you can copy and paste it and install it. Okay. copy and paste it and install it. Okay. copy and paste it and install it. Okay. So here I will install this browserbased So here I will install this browserbased So here I will install this browserbased HDK and also install the playright core. HDK and also install the playright core. HDK and also install the playright core. So npmi playright core this package I So npmi playright core this package I So npmi playright core this package I have to install. And if you see now have to install. And if you see now have to install. And if you see now error is gone. So this browser HDK and u error is gone. So this browser HDK and u error is gone. So this browser HDK and u this chromium package you need to add in this chromium package you need to add in this chromium package you need to add in order to execute it. Now inside this um order to execute it. Now inside this um order to execute it. Now inside this um route.ts file in order to run the test route.ts file in order to run the test route.ts file in order to run the test case we define the Gemini AM model along case we define the Gemini AM model along case we define the Gemini AM model along with the browserbased API key. Then with the browserbased API key. Then with the browserbased API key. Then first we'll read the all the GitHub file first we'll read the all the GitHub file first we'll read the all the GitHub file which is belong to that particular test which is belong to that particular test which is belong to that particular test case because inside our DB we already case because inside our DB we already case because inside our DB we already have the test case route. Okay. So which have the test case route. Okay. So which have the test case route. Okay. So which are the what are the files it needed. So are the what are the files it needed. So are the what are the files it needed. So inside the target file um we're going to inside the target file um we're going to inside the target file um we're going to pass those file so that it will read the pass those file so that it will read the pass those file so that it will read the GitHub file content and it will return GitHub file content and it will return GitHub file content and it will return it through this function. Then we have it through this function. Then we have it through this function. Then we have the post API call. From the post API the post API call. From the post API the post API call. From the post API call it will get some basic uh um body call it will get some basic uh um body call it will get some basic uh um body request like test case ID, base URL and request like test case ID, base URL and request like test case ID, base URL and all. Then it will fetch the test case all. Then it will fetch the test case all. Then it will fetch the test case for from the database directly. After for from the database directly. After for from the database directly. After that it will fetch the repo repo setting that it will fetch the repo repo setting that it will fetch the repo repo setting for the global instruction because for the global instruction because for the global instruction because whatever the authentication instruction whatever the authentication instruction whatever the authentication instruction added or website URL added that added or website URL added that added or website URL added that information will fetch it because that information will fetch it because that information will fetch it because that also we need to pass and then uh we need also we need to pass and then uh we need also we need to pass and then uh we need to check if the script is already there to check if the script is already there to check if the script is already there or not. If it's not there then we need or not. If it's not there then we need or not. If it's not there then we need to generate it. So uh this cookie store to generate it. So uh this cookie store to generate it. So uh this cookie store basically used to fetch the data from basically used to fetch the data from basically used to fetch the data from the GitHub file. And if you see this the GitHub file. And if you see this the GitHub file. And if you see this read GitHub file is there right? So once read GitHub file is there right? So once read GitHub file is there right? So once we have all of the data it's mapping uh we have all of the data it's mapping uh we have all of the data it's mapping uh properly and once it map with the file properly and once it map with the file properly and once it map with the file path and content then we are basically path and content then we are basically path and content then we are basically uh writing the prompt but if you see we uh writing the prompt but if you see we uh writing the prompt but if you see we have also have the global instruction have also have the global instruction have also have the global instruction and the temporary instruction which we and the temporary instruction which we and the temporary instruction which we are adding inside the prompt. Now you are adding inside the prompt. Now you are adding inside the prompt. Now you can modify the prompt as per your um can modify the prompt as per your um can modify the prompt as per your um requirements. It's totally up to you how requirements. It's totally up to you how requirements. It's totally up to you how you want to design, right? But u if you you want to design, right? But u if you you want to design, right? But u if you want to make a test case in more detail want to make a test case in more detail want to make a test case in more detail then you can add that in a prompt. So then you can add that in a prompt. So then you can add that in a prompt. So every time it will create a more every time it will create a more every time it will create a more detailed test case. This is a moderate detailed test case. This is a moderate detailed test case. This is a moderate to one medium kind of uh difficulty test to one medium kind of uh difficulty test to one medium kind of uh difficulty test case it will create but you can make it case it will create but you can make it case it will create but you can make it easy as well. Then uh we have the GNA easy as well. Then uh we have the GNA easy as well. Then uh we have the GNA model. I think it look like G&amp; model is model. I think it look like G&amp; model is model. I think it look like G&amp; model is old one. So let me update that model. So old one. So let me update that model. So old one. So let me update that model. So in order to update you can go to the in order to update you can go to the in order to update you can go to the Google's Gemini and you can copy the Google's Gemini and you can copy the Google's Gemini and you can copy the model which you like. model which you like. model which you like. So over here I will add that model. So over here I will add that model. So over here I will add that model. After this u it will generate the After this u it will generate the After this u it will generate the script. Okay. And then the generated script. Okay. And then the generated script. Okay. And then the generated code we are saving into our database and code we are saving into our database and code we are saving into our database and we'll also updating the status we'll also updating the status we'll also updating the status as it running. So it will know that okay as it running. So it will know that okay as it running. So it will know that okay the current test case is running or not. the current test case is running or not. the current test case is running or not. Okay with that status then the main Okay with that status then the main Okay with that status then the main important part is creating a browser important part is creating a browser important part is creating a browser session. So it's very easy. So because session. So it's very easy. So because session. So it's very easy. So because we've already define the browser base we've already define the browser base we've already define the browser base instance at the top then we have instance at the top then we have instance at the top then we have session.create and then we need to pass session.create and then we need to pass session.create and then we need to pass the project ID the API key we already the project ID the API key we already the project ID the API key we already pass at the top. Then pass at the top. Then pass at the top. Then uh it will connect to the chromian uh it will connect to the chromian uh it will connect to the chromian connect over CDP. Okay. because we are connect over CDP. Okay. because we are connect over CDP. Okay. because we are creating this session on the cloud and creating this session on the cloud and creating this session on the cloud and then we have to u get the context and then we have to u get the context and then we have to u get the context and pages and we have to listen the console pages and we have to listen the console pages and we have to listen the console log event where whatever is executing log event where whatever is executing log event where whatever is executing and all right so that information we are and all right so that information we are and all right so that information we are getting after that getting after that getting after that over here if you see we are passing the over here if you see we are passing the over here if you see we are passing the script text so whatever the script we script text so whatever the script we script text so whatever the script we generated that script we are passing so generated that script we are passing so generated that script we are passing so that it will execute that script and that it will execute that script and that it will execute that script and then once it run we'll get a proper log. then once it run we'll get a proper log. then once it run we'll get a proper log. After that once we get the log we need After that once we get the log we need After that once we get the log we need to save it to our database. Currently we to save it to our database. Currently we to save it to our database. Currently we need to update our schema so that it need to update our schema so that it need to update our schema so that it will save the log file. So inside the will save the log file. So inside the will save the log file. So inside the case test test case table. So let's go case test test case table. So let's go case test test case table. So let's go to the test case table and here we'll to the test case table and here we'll to the test case table and here we'll add a log add a log add a log and then we'll say test log. So it will and then we'll say test log. So it will and then we'll say test log. So it will add a test information or sorry the test add a test information or sorry the test add a test information or sorry the test it will say logs actually. So it should it will say logs actually. So it should it will say logs actually. So it should be a logs. So in the table we added this logs. So in the table we added this logs. So in the table we added this logs. Let's save this. I don't know why it's Let's save this. I don't know why it's Let's save this. I don't know why it's still showing the error. So it's saying still showing the error. So it's saying still showing the error. So it's saying log might be an undefined. So if I add a log might be an undefined. So if I add a log might be an undefined. So if I add a string, I don't know string, I don't know string, I don't know it's not doing anything. Let's keep it it's not doing anything. Let's keep it it's not doing anything. Let's keep it for now as it is. And then once it for now as it is. And then once it for now as it is. And then once it updated the log into our uh database updated the log into our uh database updated the log into our uh database then it will return the response which then it will return the response which then it will return the response which you can show it inside your log. Okay, you can show it inside your log. Okay, you can show it inside your log. Okay, that will implement how the UI will look that will implement how the UI will look that will implement how the UI will look like. And then here we have updated like. And then here we have updated like. And then here we have updated status in the database if it fails or status in the database if it fails or status in the database if it fails or success depends on that. Okay, so that's success depends on that. Okay, so that's success depends on that. Okay, so that's all uh this error because it's if you all uh this error because it's if you all uh this error because it's if you hover on this one is try to save the hover on this one is try to save the hover on this one is try to save the string list. So maybe what we can do we string list. So maybe what we can do we string list. So maybe what we can do we can uh I don't know whether we have the can uh I don't know whether we have the can uh I don't know whether we have the type any or type any or type any or we need to save it as a JSON B and then we need to save it as a JSON B and then we need to save it as a JSON B and then the string type if you see we got the the string type if you see we got the the string type if you see we got the suggestion. So this particular type we suggestion. So this particular type we suggestion. So this particular type we need to define and then we also need to save the and then we also need to save the and then we also need to save the session ID of type var and the session session ID of type var and the session session ID of type var and the session URL. Now this session URL helpful in URL. Now this session URL helpful in URL. Now this session URL helpful in order to check or view your um recorded order to check or view your um recorded order to check or view your um recorded uh session. Now let's update this status uh session. Now let's update this status uh session. Now let's update this status as well. So in order to update it here I as well. So in order to update it here I as well. So in order to update it here I will say test case dot status because we will say test case dot status because we will say test case dot status because we already added the type uh or the updated already added the type uh or the updated already added the type uh or the updated this field inside our type over here uh this field inside our type over here uh this field inside our type over here uh we'll change this variant. So based on we'll change this variant. So based on we'll change this variant. So based on the condition we'll say test case dot the condition we'll say test case dot the condition we'll say test case dot status is equal equal to let's say fill status is equal equal to let's say fill status is equal equal to let's say fill and and I will put simply then we'll and and I will put simply then we'll and and I will put simply then we'll show this batch and we'll make this show this batch and we'll make this show this batch and we'll make this variant to destructive. So you will see variant to destructive. So you will see variant to destructive. So you will see the variant destructive it's quite big the variant destructive it's quite big the variant destructive it's quite big so for this div I will make item to be so for this div I will make item to be so for this div I will make item to be in the center. So now it's perfect. You in the center. So now it's perfect. You in the center. So now it's perfect. You can change the color text color. So, can change the color text color. So, can change the color text color. So, we'll say text white. we'll say text white. we'll say text white. Perfect. Or make it uh red. Let's say Perfect. Or make it uh red. Let's say Perfect. Or make it uh red. Let's say 400. 400. 400. Or make it 200. Or make it 200. Or make it 200. Perfect. And you don't need uh you can Perfect. And you don't need uh you can Perfect. And you don't need uh you can just make it just make it just make it font font font normal. normal. normal. Okay, that's look good. Now for the Okay, that's look good. Now for the Okay, that's look good. Now for the success as well I will copy the same success as well I will copy the same success as well I will copy the same condition and everything but here if condition and everything but here if condition and everything but here if it's pass it's pass it's pass then I will change this to green and we then I will change this to green and we then I will change this to green and we don't want we'll keep the default don't want we'll keep the default don't want we'll keep the default variant something like this but if you want you something like this but if you want you something like this but if you want you can change the background color so we'll can change the background color so we'll can change the background color so we'll say text say text say text green background Oh, I need a background to be green. Oh, I need a background to be green. Oh, I need a background to be green. Okay, this is good. And for the run uh Okay, this is good. And for the run uh Okay, this is good. And for the run uh other things like if it's running, other things like if it's running, other things like if it's running, right, you can show in the yellow color. right, you can show in the yellow color. right, you can show in the yellow color. So if it's running because we also have So if it's running because we also have So if it's running because we also have the running status then you can keep the running status then you can keep the running status then you can keep this default but here I will change this this default but here I will change this this default but here I will change this to to to yellow and here as well I will change this to and here as well I will change this to and here as well I will change this to yellow. yellow. yellow. Okay. So when it's running then it will Okay. So when it's running then it will Okay. So when it's running then it will show it as a yellow. I think that's all. show it as a yellow. I think that's all. show it as a yellow. I think that's all. If you want to add any other status you If you want to add any other status you If you want to add any other status you can add it. Next once you have the can add it. Next once you have the can add it. Next once you have the status and all right uh you have to status and all right uh you have to status and all right uh you have to update this uh actual value for the card update this uh actual value for the card update this uh actual value for the card right how many are pass how many are right how many are pass how many are right how many are pass how many are failed and so that you can make the failed and so that you can make the failed and so that you can make the change and run those failed test case change and run those failed test case change and run those failed test case again but in order to update that you again but in order to update that you again but in order to update that you have to simply have to simply have to simply go back to the user ripple list where we go back to the user ripple list where we go back to the user ripple list where we are showing the status right and are showing the status right and are showing the status right and currently we are just calculating the currently we are just calculating the currently we are just calculating the total status but once we have the result total status but once we have the result total status but once we have the result dot data right in that we have the all dot data right in that we have the all dot data right in that we have the all the status we'll find all the pass one the status we'll find all the pass one the status we'll find all the pass one all the fail one and then total passing all the fail one and then total passing all the fail one and then total passing rate so over here first we'll keep save rate so over here first we'll keep save rate so over here first we'll keep save this result so we say constant uh this result so we say constant uh this result so we say constant uh user test cases is equal to result dot user test cases is equal to result dot user test cases is equal to result dot data then we'll add constant data then we'll add constant data then we'll add constant pass test is equal to user test cases pass test is equal to user test cases pass test is equal to user test cases dot filter and then we'll say test case dot filter and then we'll say test case dot filter and then we'll say test case dot status if it's pass then then we'll dot status if it's pass then then we'll dot status if it's pass then then we'll get the length if it fail then also we get the length if it fail then also we get the length if it fail then also we get the length and for the pass rate get the length and for the pass rate get the length and for the pass rate we'll do a pass test how many pass test we'll do a pass test how many pass test we'll do a pass test how many pass test divide by total test into 100 right in divide by total test into 100 right in divide by total test into 100 right in order to calculate the percentage and order to calculate the percentage and order to calculate the percentage and then you can write pass test then fail then you can write pass test then fail then you can write pass test then fail test and then pass rate if I save this test and then pass rate if I save this test and then pass rate if I save this one then you can simply update it. I one then you can simply update it. I one then you can simply update it. I think it's already there. Let me think it's already there. Let me think it's already there. Let me check it out. And over here if you see check it out. And over here if you see check it out. And over here if you see total six test one is pass, three are total six test one is pass, three are total six test one is pass, three are fail and pass range is 70%. Because we fail and pass range is 70%. Because we fail and pass range is 70%. Because we did not execute any other. For example, did not execute any other. For example, did not execute any other. For example, if you want to execute this one and this if you want to execute this one and this if you want to execute this one and this one, you can click run test case. You one, you can click run test case. You one, you can click run test case. You will see both are now selected and it will see both are now selected and it will see both are now selected and it will execute it one by one. will execute it one by one. will execute it one by one. Right now I execute the first one and if Right now I execute the first one and if Right now I execute the first one and if you see it started executing now due to you see it started executing now due to you see it started executing now due to some reason the if you see the first one some reason the if you see the first one some reason the if you see the first one is fail and the second one is pass. Okay is fail and the second one is pass. Okay is fail and the second one is pass. Okay in the first one uh if I go over here in the first one uh if I go over here in the first one uh if I go over here it's saying found six potential social it's saying found six potential social it's saying found six potential social link and then it will give you what is link and then it will give you what is link and then it will give you what is the actual error. So it's saying script the actual error. So it's saying script the actual error. So it's saying script execution fail the link is missing. So execution fail the link is missing. So execution fail the link is missing. So this particular link is missing from the this particular link is missing from the this particular link is missing from the security relation and obviously it means security relation and obviously it means security relation and obviously it means that we have to fix it. We did not added that we have to fix it. We did not added that we have to fix it. We did not added a proper link and that's why we got the a proper link and that's why we got the a proper link and that's why we got the error. Okay. If you close this one and error. Okay. If you close this one and error. Okay. If you close this one and ref and execute you will see now pass is ref and execute you will see now pass is ref and execute you will see now pass is two and total fail are four. Now we two and total fail are four. Now we two and total fail are four. Now we execute all of them. Obviously if you execute all of them. Obviously if you execute all of them. Obviously if you try to execute it again it will fail it try to execute it again it will fail it try to execute it again it will fail it until unless you are you are making some until unless you are you are making some until unless you are you are making some changes or you are updating the changes or you are updating the changes or you are updating the instruction as well. Okay. So that's how instruction as well. Okay. So that's how instruction as well. Okay. So that's how guys you have to uh automate your test guys you have to uh automate your test guys you have to uh automate your test cases. uh in the IT industry this cases. uh in the IT industry this cases. uh in the IT industry this application is a best way uh to um application is a best way uh to um application is a best way uh to um implement the AI test automation inside implement the AI test automation inside implement the AI test automation inside your uh GitHub project. If you any your uh GitHub project. If you any your uh GitHub project. If you any question any doubt let me know in the question any doubt let me know in the question any doubt let me know in the comment section. Now let's push our comment section. Now let's push our comment section. Now let's push our code. So we'll create a new branch. I code. So we'll create a new branch. I code. So we'll create a new branch. I will give the branch name and we can will give the branch name and we can will give the branch name and we can call it as call it as call it as browser base setup and run test case. browser base setup and run test case. browser base setup and run test case. Here I will add and after this enter it. Here I will add and after this enter it. Here I will add and after this enter it. So it will get check out stage all of So it will get check out stage all of So it will get check out stage all of these changes. I will give the commit these changes. I will give the commit these changes. I will give the commit message and then simply click commit. message and then simply click commit. message and then simply click commit. After that don't forget to publish your After that don't forget to publish your After that don't forget to publish your branch. Then go to your GitHub uh branch. Then go to your GitHub uh branch. Then go to your GitHub uh account and inside this you'll get an account and inside this you'll get an account and inside this you'll get an option to create a pull request. Make option to create a pull request. Make option to create a pull request. Make sure to create a pull request so that sure to create a pull request so that sure to create a pull request so that plan arc uh will review your code using plan arc uh will review your code using plan arc uh will review your code using an AI with proper u PR summary which you an AI with proper u PR summary which you an AI with proper u PR summary which you can also uh check it out from the plan can also uh check it out from the plan can also uh check it out from the plan dashboard. And here you will see dashboard. And here you will see dashboard. And here you will see the comment also left and it it also the comment also left and it it also the comment also left and it it also explained that what the things are explained that what the things are explained that what the things are implemented in this particular PR along implemented in this particular PR along implemented in this particular PR along with the all the comments and after this with the all the comments and after this with the all the comments and after this u you can simply merge your pull u you can simply merge your pull u you can simply merge your pull request. request. request. Okay. So that uh next time you will Okay. So that uh next time you will Okay. So that uh next time you will create new branch all of these changes create new branch all of these changes create new branch all of these changes will be there.
