Hi, I'm Frankie and in this video I'll Hi, I'm Frankie and in this video I'll Hi, I'm Frankie and in this video I'll share how you can create an AI agent share how you can create an AI agent share how you can create an AI agent that uses Rag. We'll do this by setting that uses Rag. We'll do this by setting that uses Rag. We'll do this by setting up an Azure AI search resource that'll up an Azure AI search resource that'll up an Azure AI search resource that'll create a search index on the data that create a search index on the data that create a search index on the data that we want to retrieve and send back to a we want to retrieve and send back to a we want to retrieve and send back to a user when an agent needs that additional user when an agent needs that additional user when an agent needs that additional context. Let's dive right in. We'll context. Let's dive right in. We'll context. Let's dive right in. We'll start in the Azure portal within a start in the Azure portal within a start in the Azure portal within a resource group that's currently empty. resource group that's currently empty. resource group that's currently empty. So the first thing we'll do is create a So the first thing we'll do is create a So the first thing we'll do is create a resource resource resource for Microsoft Foundry. This new resource we'll create we'll This new resource we'll create we'll This new resource we'll create we'll call call call MS foundry AIS East US2 AIS East US2 AIS East US2 demo demo demo agentic rag put it in east US2 put it in east US2 put it in east US2 default project name will be project as e US2 e US2 e US2 demo gentic brag. demo gentic brag. demo gentic brag. We'll make sure we're in the right We'll make sure we're in the right We'll make sure we're in the right resource group. resource group. resource group. Check everything else. Run through these defaults. Run through these defaults. Run through these defaults. Leave them all as is. and create our Leave them all as is. and create our Leave them all as is. and create our Microsoft Foundry resource which will al Microsoft Foundry resource which will al Microsoft Foundry resource which will al also create our default project also create our default project also create our default project within the resource itself. within the resource itself. within the resource itself. Our deployment is complete. Now we can Our deployment is complete. Now we can Our deployment is complete. Now we can go to the Foundry portal. go to the Foundry portal. go to the Foundry portal. This automatically takes us to the new This automatically takes us to the new This automatically takes us to the new version of the Microsoft Foundry portal. version of the Microsoft Foundry portal. version of the Microsoft Foundry portal. We can see here the new foundry is We can see here the new foundry is We can see here the new foundry is toggled on. If you do want to go back to toggled on. If you do want to go back to toggled on. If you do want to go back to the old Foundry, you can click this and the old Foundry, you can click this and the old Foundry, you can click this and continue with feedback to the old continue with feedback to the old continue with feedback to the old version of Microsoft Foundry, which used version of Microsoft Foundry, which used version of Microsoft Foundry, which used to be called Azure AI Foundry. But now to be called Azure AI Foundry. But now to be called Azure AI Foundry. But now with the new name Microsoft Foundry, with the new name Microsoft Foundry, with the new name Microsoft Foundry, we'll use the new experience within the we'll use the new experience within the we'll use the new experience within the Microsoft Foundry portal. The first Microsoft Foundry portal. The first Microsoft Foundry portal. The first thing we'll do is build our agent. We'll thing we'll do is build our agent. We'll thing we'll do is build our agent. We'll go to the build tab. We'll create an go to the build tab. We'll create an go to the build tab. We'll create an agent. And we're going to call this our agent. And we're going to call this our agent. And we're going to call this our ebook ebook ebook agent because our knowledge sources are agent because our knowledge sources are agent because our knowledge sources are going to be using a couple ebooks. Now, right now, the way this starts is Now, right now, the way this starts is Now, right now, the way this starts is Microsoft Foundry, our project Microsoft Foundry, our project Microsoft Foundry, our project automatically by default deployed a automatically by default deployed a automatically by default deployed a GPT4.1 GPT4.1 GPT4.1 model for us. If we want to model for us. If we want to model for us. If we want to automatically deploy one of these other automatically deploy one of these other automatically deploy one of these other models, we could do that as well. If you models, we could do that as well. If you models, we could do that as well. If you want to choose a different model, you want to choose a different model, you want to choose a different model, you can go over to models, deploy base can go over to models, deploy base can go over to models, deploy base model, model, model, search through, and choose a model of search through, and choose a model of search through, and choose a model of your choosing based on the criteria that your choosing based on the criteria that your choosing based on the criteria that you need for your particular agent. you need for your particular agent. you need for your particular agent. We're okay with the default GPT 4.1 We're okay with the default GPT 4.1 We're okay with the default GPT 4.1 model that's in place. And at this model that's in place. And at this model that's in place. And at this point, we can ch start chatting with our point, we can ch start chatting with our point, we can ch start chatting with our ebook agent just using the base ebook agent just using the base ebook agent just using the base knowledge that the GPT4.1 knowledge that the GPT4.1 knowledge that the GPT4.1 model has from its training data. model has from its training data. model has from its training data. What can you do? Now, right now, there's What can you do? Now, right now, there's What can you do? Now, right now, there's no system instructions, so I would no system instructions, so I would no system instructions, so I would expect this to be pretty broad, expect this to be pretty broad, expect this to be pretty broad, and it's extremely general, as we would and it's extremely general, as we would and it's extremely general, as we would expect. Now, something we'll do here is expect. Now, something we'll do here is expect. Now, something we'll do here is use our generic GPT 4.1 model to use our generic GPT 4.1 model to use our generic GPT 4.1 model to actually create a system prompt that'll actually create a system prompt that'll actually create a system prompt that'll help our model pull from knowledge once help our model pull from knowledge once help our model pull from knowledge once we've added the knowledge base. create a we've added the knowledge base. create a we've added the knowledge base. create a system prompt that'll encourage our AI system prompt that'll encourage our AI system prompt that'll encourage our AI agent to only pull from an AI search agent to only pull from an AI search agent to only pull from an AI search knowledge base with the ebook data that knowledge base with the ebook data that knowledge base with the ebook data that we upload. It gave us a simple prompt that we can It gave us a simple prompt that we can It gave us a simple prompt that we can use. We'll copy this, put it into our use. We'll copy this, put it into our use. We'll copy this, put it into our instructions, instructions, instructions, and save our agent. and save our agent. and save our agent. Now, let's get started building our Now, let's get started building our Now, let's get started building our knowledge source. To do this, we'll go knowledge source. To do this, we'll go knowledge source. To do this, we'll go back to our resource group. And now back to our resource group. And now back to our resource group. And now we'll create a storage account. The storage account is where we'll have The storage account is where we'll have The storage account is where we'll have a container. And we'll place our ebooks a container. And we'll place our ebooks a container. And we'll place our ebooks that our Azure AI search resource that our Azure AI search resource that our Azure AI search resource will create an index from will create an index from will create an index from and call this SA for storage account. and call this SA for storage account. and call this SA for storage account. E US2 demo agentic rag make this a basic Azure blob storage make this a basic Azure blob storage make this a basic Azure blob storage primary workload will be for machine primary workload will be for machine primary workload will be for machine learning our artificial intelligence learning our artificial intelligence learning our artificial intelligence we'll make it locally redundant review we'll make it locally redundant review we'll make it locally redundant review and create now we'll go to our storage account now we'll go to our storage account now we'll go to our storage account we'll create a new container we'll create a new container we'll create a new container Under containers, we'll hit add Under containers, we'll hit add Under containers, we'll hit add container. We'll call this ebook container. We'll call this ebook container. We'll call this ebook container create. create. create. Then we'll upload two ebooks. The two books we've uploaded is a book The two books we've uploaded is a book The two books we've uploaded is a book called Boundaries by Henry Cloud and called Boundaries by Henry Cloud and called Boundaries by Henry Cloud and John Townsen and another book by Michael John Townsen and another book by Michael John Townsen and another book by Michael Gerber named The E-Myth Revisited. One's Gerber named The E-Myth Revisited. One's Gerber named The E-Myth Revisited. One's a book on boundaries all about keeping a book on boundaries all about keeping a book on boundaries all about keeping healthy relationships. And the other healthy relationships. And the other healthy relationships. And the other book is more of a business book. Uh book is more of a business book. Uh book is more of a business book. Uh talks about how someone can be an talks about how someone can be an talks about how someone can be an entrepreneur, a manager, or a technician entrepreneur, a manager, or a technician entrepreneur, a manager, or a technician in a business. And really, it's all in a business. And really, it's all in a business. And really, it's all about how small businesses can work well about how small businesses can work well about how small businesses can work well and succeed. Now, let's go back to our and succeed. Now, let's go back to our and succeed. Now, let's go back to our resource group. And now let's create our AI search And now let's create our AI search And now let's create our AI search resource. I'm call AI search.as I'm call AI search.as I'm call AI search.as as as as EU US2 EU US2 EU US2 demo agentic rag. Sure, it's an EUS2. Keep in mind when Sure, it's an EUS2. Keep in mind when Sure, it's an EUS2. Keep in mind when you're creating AI search resources, you're creating AI search resources, you're creating AI search resources, they can get pretty pricey because you they can get pretty pricey because you they can get pretty pricey because you pay for a lot of the compute and storage pay for a lot of the compute and storage pay for a lot of the compute and storage that goes on to make these quick that goes on to make these quick that goes on to make these quick searches happen. I'll choose the basic searches happen. I'll choose the basic searches happen. I'll choose the basic tier for $75 a month and I'll be tier for $75 a month and I'll be tier for $75 a month and I'll be deleting these resources after this deleting these resources after this deleting these resources after this demo. demo. demo. I'll go through I'll go through I'll go through leaves the leave these defaults and leaves the leave these defaults and leaves the leave these defaults and continue. Now my search resource is created. Now Now my search resource is created. Now Now my search resource is created. Now we'll import data to create our index. we'll import data to create our index. we'll import data to create our index. We'll go to the import data wizard. We'll go to the import data wizard. We'll go to the import data wizard. Select Azure blob storage. We'll choose Select Azure blob storage. We'll choose Select Azure blob storage. We'll choose rag for our scenario. rag for our scenario. rag for our scenario. We'll choose our storage account which We'll choose our storage account which We'll choose our storage account which is the agentic rag storage account. Our is the agentic rag storage account. Our is the agentic rag storage account. Our container we'll leave the default folder container we'll leave the default folder container we'll leave the default folder because we just want everything within because we just want everything within because we just want everything within that container. The parsing node is that container. The parsing node is that container. The parsing node is default since we're parsing PDFs and not default since we're parsing PDFs and not default since we're parsing PDFs and not another type of special file. another type of special file. another type of special file. We won't enable these deletion tracking We won't enable these deletion tracking We won't enable these deletion tracking or managed identity. Go to next. For the or managed identity. Go to next. For the or managed identity. Go to next. For the kind, we're going to choose to make this kind, we're going to choose to make this kind, we're going to choose to make this Azure AI foundry, which should be Azure AI foundry, which should be Azure AI foundry, which should be Microsoft Foundry, but that'll get Microsoft Foundry, but that'll get Microsoft Foundry, but that'll get updated soon. We'll choose the project updated soon. We'll choose the project updated soon. We'll choose the project that ends in a gentic rag because that that ends in a gentic rag because that that ends in a gentic rag because that is the project we just created. The is the project we just created. The is the project we just created. The model that we'll use to create the model that we'll use to create the model that we'll use to create the embedding vectors is our text embedding embedding vectors is our text embedding embedding vectors is our text embedding 3 small model. This is a model that was 3 small model. This is a model that was 3 small model. This is a model that was deployed automatically for us to deployed automatically for us to deployed automatically for us to Microsoft Foundry when we first created Microsoft Foundry when we first created Microsoft Foundry when we first created the project. So using that to create our the project. So using that to create our the project. So using that to create our embeddings, we'll leave the API key as embeddings, we'll leave the API key as embeddings, we'll leave the API key as the authentication type. We'll the authentication type. We'll the authentication type. We'll acknowledge that the tokens that are acknowledge that the tokens that are acknowledge that the tokens that are used to generate the embeddings both for used to generate the embeddings both for used to generate the embeddings both for queries to AI search and also by the queries to AI search and also by the queries to AI search and also by the indexer to create the vector embeddings indexer to create the vector embeddings indexer to create the vector embeddings are going to incur some costs. Then are going to incur some costs. Then are going to incur some costs. Then we'll go to next. we'll go to next. we'll go to next. We won't be using these additional We won't be using these additional We won't be using these additional enrichment skills. enrichment skills. enrichment skills. I will leave enable semantic ranker I will leave enable semantic ranker I will leave enable semantic ranker checked which adds an additional step to checked which adds an additional step to checked which adds an additional step to enhance the search results by reranking enhance the search results by reranking enhance the search results by reranking them based on the semantic intent by a them based on the semantic intent by a them based on the semantic intent by a user's query. I can preview and see what user's query. I can preview and see what user's query. I can preview and see what the index fields will look like. Mostly the index fields will look like. Mostly the index fields will look like. Mostly they are just the chunked up version of they are just the chunked up version of they are just the chunked up version of the different files. If the files are the different files. If the files are the different files. If the files are big, which they are because they're big, which they are because they're big, which they are because they're ebooks, the parent ID is the specific ID ebooks, the parent ID is the specific ID ebooks, the parent ID is the specific ID to the book file itself. Uh the chunk to the book file itself. Uh the chunk to the book file itself. Uh the chunk will be the specific data that is in will be the specific data that is in will be the specific data that is in that chunk. The text vector is the that chunk. The text vector is the that chunk. The text vector is the vectorzed version or the embeddings of vectorzed version or the embeddings of vectorzed version or the embeddings of that chunk. And then the title is the that chunk. And then the title is the that chunk. And then the title is the literal title for the parent ID or that literal title for the parent ID or that literal title for the parent ID or that ebook file. Save this. ebook file. Save this. ebook file. Save this. We'll have the index only run once. We'll have the index only run once. We'll have the index only run once. We'll call it We'll call it We'll call it ebookentic ebookentic ebookentic rag. And we'll create our index. This should And we'll create our index. This should And we'll create our index. This should create an index, an indexer, a skill create an index, an indexer, a skill create an index, an indexer, a skill set, and a data source for us within our set, and a data source for us within our set, and a data source for us within our AI search resource. Should now be able to go to search, Should now be able to go to search, Should now be able to go to search, start searching. My indexer is still start searching. My indexer is still start searching. My indexer is still running. So I wouldn't expect running. So I wouldn't expect running. So I wouldn't expect information to come back because it's information to come back because it's information to come back because it's still the indexer still the indexer still the indexer should still be working. If I go to should still be working. If I go to should still be working. If I go to indexers, indexers, indexers, I can see it's in progress. We'll come I can see it's in progress. We'll come I can see it's in progress. We'll come back when this is done. So we can see an back when this is done. So we can see an back when this is done. So we can see an example query to our index. example query to our index. example query to our index. Our indexer is done. Our indexer is done. Our indexer is done. Let's go to our index. Let's go to our index. Let's go to our index. make an example make an example make an example search search search where we'll just search for everything. where we'll just search for everything. where we'll just search for everything. We can see data coming back along with We can see data coming back along with We can see data coming back along with those vector embeddings. If I go into those vector embeddings. If I go into those vector embeddings. If I go into fields and I uncheck the retrievable for fields and I uncheck the retrievable for fields and I uncheck the retrievable for text vector, this will make not all the text vector, this will make not all the text vector, this will make not all the embeddings come back when I search this embeddings come back when I search this embeddings come back when I search this making a little bit easier to see the making a little bit easier to see the making a little bit easier to see the information that's coming back. So I can information that's coming back. So I can information that's coming back. So I can see an example of documents within this see an example of documents within this see an example of documents within this index coming back. So when we make index coming back. So when we make index coming back. So when we make queries to our agent, we will expect the queries to our agent, we will expect the queries to our agent, we will expect the agent when it has an AI search tool agent when it has an AI search tool agent when it has an AI search tool connected to it to make queries based on connected to it to make queries based on connected to it to make queries based on what we're asking for what we're asking for what we're asking for where it will try to retrieve these where it will try to retrieve these where it will try to retrieve these documents from the index documents from the index documents from the index to send back to the agent and allow the to send back to the agent and allow the to send back to the agent and allow the agent to respond based on this agent to respond based on this agent to respond based on this additional context. additional context. additional context. Now, let's go back to our agent Now, let's go back to our agent Now, let's go back to our agent and add this in our ebook agent. We'll and add this in our ebook agent. We'll and add this in our ebook agent. We'll go to knowledge, go to knowledge, go to knowledge, connect, add. We'll set up a data source connect, add. We'll set up a data source connect, add. We'll set up a data source via tools. We'll connect our Azure AI via tools. We'll connect our Azure AI via tools. We'll connect our Azure AI search resource. search resource. search resource. Right now, there's currently no Right now, there's currently no Right now, there's currently no connections. Let's create a new connections. Let's create a new connections. Let's create a new connection connection connection to our AI search resource. to our AI search resource. to our AI search resource. We'll choose the one that ends in aentic We'll choose the one that ends in aentic We'll choose the one that ends in aentic rag. That's our AI search resource. rag. That's our AI search resource. rag. That's our AI search resource. Now that a connection has been made, Now that a connection has been made, Now that a connection has been made, we'll choose our index and we'll add it we'll choose our index and we'll add it we'll choose our index and we'll add it in. in. in. We now have our agentic rag set up. And We now have our agentic rag set up. And We now have our agentic rag set up. And if we go ahead and make a query asking if we go ahead and make a query asking if we go ahead and make a query asking about the information regarding those about the information regarding those about the information regarding those books, we should get information back books, we should get information back books, we should get information back specific to the contents of those books. specific to the contents of those books. specific to the contents of those books. What is the definition of a boundary What is the definition of a boundary What is the definition of a boundary according to John Townsen and Henry according to John Townsen and Henry according to John Townsen and Henry Cloud? So I can see this query that I just made So I can see this query that I just made So I can see this query that I just made was the definition of a boundary was the definition of a boundary was the definition of a boundary according to John Townsen Henry Cloud. I according to John Townsen Henry Cloud. I according to John Townsen Henry Cloud. I see this reference to the boundaries see this reference to the boundaries see this reference to the boundaries book book book which shows that our AI search resource which shows that our AI search resource which shows that our AI search resource is working. I can also check out the is working. I can also check out the is working. I can also check out the debug tool and see that the tool is debug tool and see that the tool is debug tool and see that the tool is called called called So now our agentic rag setup is So now our agentic rag setup is So now our agentic rag setup is complete. When you're ready to implement complete. When you're ready to implement complete. When you're ready to implement this into your code, you can go ahead this into your code, you can go ahead this into your code, you can go ahead and see this code example and put that and see this code example and put that and see this code example and put that into a Python, JavaScript, or C example. into a Python, JavaScript, or C example. into a Python, JavaScript, or C example. You also have the option to preview this You also have the option to preview this You also have the option to preview this with a with a with a preview sample code that has been set up preview sample code that has been set up preview sample code that has been set up for you with Microsoft Foundry if you for you with Microsoft Foundry if you for you with Microsoft Foundry if you wanted to test this and even share it wanted to test this and even share it wanted to test this and even share it with people within your organization. with people within your organization. with people within your organization. You can also publish this agent so that You can also publish this agent so that You can also publish this agent so that you can quickly make it available on you can quickly make it available on you can quickly make it available on Microsoft Teams or Microsoft 365 Microsoft Teams or Microsoft 365 Microsoft Teams or Microsoft 365 Copilot. Copilot. Copilot. I hope this video was helpful on how to I hope this video was helpful on how to I hope this video was helpful on how to set up an Agentic Rag scenario. If you set up an Agentic Rag scenario. If you set up an Agentic Rag scenario. If you have questions, please leave them in the have questions, please leave them in the have questions, please leave them in the comments below. I respond to every comments below. I respond to every comments below. I respond to every comment to help as many people as I can. comment to help as many people as I can. comment to help as many people as I can. If this video was helpful for you, I'd If this video was helpful for you, I'd If this video was helpful for you, I'd appreciate it if you liked the video and appreciate it if you liked the video and appreciate it if you liked the video and subscribe to this channel if you want to subscribe to this channel if you want to subscribe to this channel if you want to see more content like this. As always, see more content like this. As always, see more content like this. As always, thank you so much and I'll see you in thank you so much and I'll see you in thank you so much and I'll see you in the next one. [music] [music]
