This video shows a confrontation between This video shows a confrontation between This video shows a confrontation between an ICE agent and a driver in Shakopee on an ICE agent and a driver in Shakopee on an ICE agent and a driver in Shakopee on Sunday after the agent accused the Sunday after the agent accused the Sunday after the agent accused the driver of following officers. Listen driver of following officers. Listen driver of following officers. Listen carefully. [Music] [Music] [Music] Also on Sunday, another driver, this one Also on Sunday, another driver, this one Also on Sunday, another driver, this one in Minneapolis, got into it with another in Minneapolis, got into it with another in Minneapolis, got into it with another ICE agent. That agent accused the driver ICE agent. That agent accused the driver ICE agent. That agent accused the driver of getting in the way. For what? For what? For what? Following us. You are impeding Following us. You are impeding Following us. You are impeding operations. This is the United States operations. This is the United States operations. This is the United States federal government. over here. I got to federal government. over here. I got to federal government. over here. I got to get to my kids. This is your warning. I get to my kids. This is your warning. I get to my kids. This is your warning. I guarantee you're not going to like the guarantee you're not going to like the guarantee you're not going to like the outcome. Go home to your children. It's outcome. Go home to your children. It's outcome. Go home to your children. It's Sunday. Sunday. Sunday. Yeah, go exactly. Let people go to Yeah, go exactly. Let people go to Yeah, go exactly. Let people go to church. learn from what just happened? church. learn from what just happened? church. learn from what just happened? Go home to your kids. And on Friday in Go home to your kids. And on Friday in Go home to your kids. And on Friday in St. Louis Park, a driver who claims to St. Louis Park, a driver who claims to St. Louis Park, a driver who claims to have stopped after seeing a crash have stopped after seeing a crash have stopped after seeing a crash between an ICE vehicle and a car in between an ICE vehicle and a car in between an ICE vehicle and a car in front of her also clashed with an agent. front of her also clashed with an agent. front of her also clashed with an agent. He asked her if she's learned anything, He asked her if she's learned anything, He asked her if she's learned anything, an apparent reference to Renee Good's an apparent reference to Renee Good's an apparent reference to Renee Good's killing. Shame on you. Listen. Have y'all not learned from the past Have y'all not learned from the past Have y'all not learned from the past couple of days? couple of days? couple of days? Have you not learned? Learned what? Have you not learned? Learned what? Have you not learned? Learned what? What's our lesson here? What do you want What's our lesson here? What do you want What's our lesson here? What do you want us to learn? us to learn? us to learn? &gt;&gt; Following federal agents. Give me my &gt;&gt; Following federal agents. Give me my &gt;&gt; Following federal agents. Give me my phone back.
