I built an AI agent that generated 32 I built an AI agent that generated 32 I built an AI agent that generated 32 sales calls in one week. And it did this sales calls in one week. And it did this sales calls in one week. And it did this completely automatically without my completely automatically without my completely automatically without my intervention. And today, I'm going to intervention. And today, I'm going to intervention. And today, I'm going to rebuild that agent so you can copy it rebuild that agent so you can copy it rebuild that agent so you can copy it for yourself. Whether you own a business for yourself. Whether you own a business for yourself. Whether you own a business that you want to plug this into yourself that you want to plug this into yourself that you want to plug this into yourself so you can make more revenue from leads so you can make more revenue from leads so you can make more revenue from leads or if you own a marketing agency like me or if you own a marketing agency like me or if you own a marketing agency like me and you want to sell this to other and you want to sell this to other and you want to sell this to other businesses. In fact, this is a service businesses. In fact, this is a service businesses. In fact, this is a service we sell for at least $2,000 in my we sell for at least $2,000 in my we sell for at least $2,000 in my agency. So, let's get into this. Now, at agency. So, let's get into this. Now, at agency. So, let's get into this. Now, at the lead generation department of the lead generation department of the lead generation department of affluent.co, which is my marketing affluent.co, which is my marketing affluent.co, which is my marketing agency. I've been running this for eight agency. I've been running this for eight agency. I've been running this for eight years. Uh we've been using AI to years. Uh we've been using AI to years. Uh we've been using AI to appointment set. Okay. So, we use AI for appointment set. Okay. So, we use AI for appointment set. Okay. So, we use AI for our lead generation clients to book more our lead generation clients to book more our lead generation clients to book more appointments and generate more revenue appointments and generate more revenue appointments and generate more revenue from the leads that we're generating from the leads that we're generating from the leads that we're generating from the ads that we're running on their from the ads that we're running on their from the ads that we're running on their behalf. Okay. Now, as a client of the behalf. Okay. Now, as a client of the behalf. Okay. Now, as a client of the agency, the Affluent Academy, which is agency, the Affluent Academy, which is agency, the Affluent Academy, which is another one of my businesses, it's an another one of my businesses, it's an another one of my businesses, it's an education company, benefits from this education company, benefits from this education company, benefits from this service. Okay. So, my agency offers my service. Okay. So, my agency offers my service. Okay. So, my agency offers my other business this service. Okay. We're other business this service. Okay. We're other business this service. Okay. We're signed up for that AI lead genen service signed up for that AI lead genen service signed up for that AI lead genen service and we generate leads via paid ads, via and we generate leads via paid ads, via and we generate leads via paid ads, via lead magnets and via inbound messages. lead magnets and via inbound messages. lead magnets and via inbound messages. So we get a hell of a lot of messages on So we get a hell of a lot of messages on So we get a hell of a lot of messages on Instagram, but we also get a lot of Instagram, but we also get a lot of Instagram, but we also get a lot of people opting into various marketing people opting into various marketing people opting into various marketing funnels via Facebook ads. And so we got funnels via Facebook ads. And so we got funnels via Facebook ads. And so we got a lot of leads that don't actually end a lot of leads that don't actually end a lot of leads that don't actually end up converting and booking sales calls up converting and booking sales calls up converting and booking sales calls with our sales team. And so the problem with our sales team. And so the problem with our sales team. And so the problem is our sales development team, our SDR is our sales development team, our SDR is our sales development team, our SDR team don't get to leads fast enough. team don't get to leads fast enough. team don't get to leads fast enough. Okay, they're busy throughout the day. Okay, they're busy throughout the day. Okay, they're busy throughout the day. They're also sleeping as humans do, They're also sleeping as humans do, They're also sleeping as humans do, okay? And they're just not getting to okay? And they're just not getting to okay? And they're just not getting to people as quick as they need to get to people as quick as they need to get to people as quick as they need to get to them. And the hurdle is we have multiple them. And the hurdle is we have multiple them. And the hurdle is we have multiple product offerings. So we offer multiple product offerings. So we offer multiple product offerings. So we offer multiple products to multiple different types of products to multiple different types of products to multiple different types of people based on the leads qualification people based on the leads qualification people based on the leads qualification level. And so the solution is we built level. And so the solution is we built level. And so the solution is we built an AI agent that routts leads to an AI agent that routts leads to an AI agent that routts leads to relevant sales calendars. So what it relevant sales calendars. So what it relevant sales calendars. So what it does is it reaches out to the leads way does is it reaches out to the leads way does is it reaches out to the leads way quicker than our sales team can. It then quicker than our sales team can. It then quicker than our sales team can. It then qualifies them based on their individual qualifies them based on their individual qualifies them based on their individual circumstances and then it goes ahead and circumstances and then it goes ahead and circumstances and then it goes ahead and segments them to the relevant products segments them to the relevant products segments them to the relevant products that we sell specifically what are that we sell specifically what are that we sell specifically what are relevant to them and their qualification relevant to them and their qualification relevant to them and their qualification level. Okay. So this is the result of level. Okay. So this is the result of level. Okay. So this is the result of that in one week of us running this or that in one week of us running this or that in one week of us running this or just this is actually just the last just this is actually just the last just this is actually just the last seven days and we had 16 196 total leads seven days and we had 16 196 total leads seven days and we had 16 196 total leads come through 164 activated which means come through 164 activated which means come through 164 activated which means they responded 32 leads won. So that is they responded 32 leads won. So that is they responded 32 leads won. So that is 32 sales calls booked in that period. 32 sales calls booked in that period. 32 sales calls booked in that period. And you can see that this is a And you can see that this is a And you can see that this is a screenshot from our CRM system. Each of screenshot from our CRM system. Each of screenshot from our CRM system. Each of those sales calls is worth to us £675 those sales calls is worth to us £675 those sales calls is worth to us £675 because our close rate is roughly 20%. because our close rate is roughly 20%. because our close rate is roughly 20%. We sell products ranging from £4,000 up We sell products ranging from £4,000 up We sell products ranging from £4,000 up to 20,000. But each call ends up working to 20,000. But each call ends up working to 20,000. But each call ends up working out about £675 to us. So we made a out about £675 to us. So we made a out about £675 to us. So we made a decent amount of revenue from these decent amount of revenue from these decent amount of revenue from these calls all booked automatically through calls all booked automatically through calls all booked automatically through this agent. Now I'm going to give you an this agent. Now I'm going to give you an this agent. Now I'm going to give you an example of an actual conversation with a example of an actual conversation with a example of an actual conversation with a lead that this AI has had. This is all lead that this AI has had. This is all lead that this AI has had. This is all automated. And for context, this is a automated. And for context, this is a automated. And for context, this is a lead that watch my YouTube channel. This lead that watch my YouTube channel. This lead that watch my YouTube channel. This channel, if you haven't watched me channel, if you haven't watched me channel, if you haven't watched me before, I educate marketing agency before, I educate marketing agency before, I educate marketing agency owners typically and help them with owners typically and help them with owners typically and help them with client acquisition. So, this individual client acquisition. So, this individual client acquisition. So, this individual person was a marketing agency reaching person was a marketing agency reaching person was a marketing agency reaching out to get access to a cold calling out to get access to a cold calling out to get access to a cold calling resource. I think it was a cold calling resource. I think it was a cold calling resource. I think it was a cold calling script, which is a lead magnet. And a script, which is a lead magnet. And a script, which is a lead magnet. And a lead magnet is just simply a resource lead magnet is just simply a resource lead magnet is just simply a resource that you give to someone for free that that you give to someone for free that that you give to someone for free that provides value to them. And then provides value to them. And then provides value to them. And then hopefully they'll think about working hopefully they'll think about working hopefully they'll think about working with you in the future. Okay. So, they with you in the future. Okay. So, they with you in the future. Okay. So, they this marketing agency opted into this. this marketing agency opted into this. this marketing agency opted into this. They said cold call. The AI said you They said cold call. The AI said you They said cold call. The AI said you after the call calling doc. Yes, sir. after the call calling doc. Yes, sir. after the call calling doc. Yes, sir. Sweet. I'll send that for you in a sec. Sweet. I'll send that for you in a sec. Sweet. I'll send that for you in a sec. Quickly though, what's your average Quickly though, what's your average Quickly though, what's your average monthly revenue right now? So, we're monthly revenue right now? So, we're monthly revenue right now? So, we're qualifying before we even sending the qualifying before we even sending the qualifying before we even sending the lead magnet. I'm at 18K right now. lead magnet. I'm at 18K right now. lead magnet. I'm at 18K right now. Here's that link, by the way. So, we Here's that link, by the way. So, we Here's that link, by the way. So, we send the lead magnet. And then we also send the lead magnet. And then we also send the lead magnet. And then we also then follow up with out of curiosity, then follow up with out of curiosity, then follow up with out of curiosity, what's the main thing holding you back what's the main thing holding you back what's the main thing holding you back from scaling further at the minute. I'm from scaling further at the minute. I'm from scaling further at the minute. I'm pretty happy where I'm at right now, but pretty happy where I'm at right now, but pretty happy where I'm at right now, but we're mostly referrals and need to start we're mostly referrals and need to start we're mostly referrals and need to start paid ads. Maybe immediately now we've paid ads. Maybe immediately now we've paid ads. Maybe immediately now we've got an in. They want to start paid ads. got an in. They want to start paid ads. got an in. They want to start paid ads. I get that. You've achieved a lot I get that. You've achieved a lot I get that. You've achieved a lot already, but there's always room for already, but there's always room for already, but there's always room for growth, right? So the prosp the lead has growth, right? So the prosp the lead has growth, right? So the prosp the lead has pushed back and said, "I'm pretty happy pushed back and said, "I'm pretty happy pushed back and said, "I'm pretty happy where I'm at right now." The AI has where I'm at right now." The AI has where I'm at right now." The AI has objection handled them and said, "I get objection handled them and said, "I get objection handled them and said, "I get that. You've achieved a lot already, but that. You've achieved a lot already, but that. You've achieved a lot already, but there's always room for growth, right? there's always room for growth, right? there's always room for growth, right? Would you be up for a quick call to Would you be up for a quick call to Would you be up for a quick call to explore how we can help you with a game explore how we can help you with a game explore how we can help you with a game plan for launching those paid ads?" So plan for launching those paid ads?" So plan for launching those paid ads?" So personalize to them. I'm not against it. personalize to them. I'm not against it. personalize to them. I'm not against it. Busy today though, tomorrow's perfect. Busy today though, tomorrow's perfect. Busy today though, tomorrow's perfect. And we go ahead and book this. They And we go ahead and book this. They And we go ahead and book this. They actually said it's it's not ideal. You actually said it's it's not ideal. You actually said it's it's not ideal. You got anything after 5? Sure. How's 6 got anything after 5? Sure. How's 6 got anything after 5? Sure. How's 6 p.m.? Let's do it. Then we go ahead. We p.m.? Let's do it. Then we go ahead. We p.m.? Let's do it. Then we go ahead. We take the email address, the phone take the email address, the phone take the email address, the phone number. We book that call. All number. We book that call. All number. We book that call. All automated. All done by this AI agent. So automated. All done by this AI agent. So automated. All done by this AI agent. So how does this work? Now I built this how does this work? Now I built this how does this work? Now I built this agent on a pointwise which is the agent on a pointwise which is the agent on a pointwise which is the leading software for building AI sales leading software for building AI sales leading software for building AI sales agents. You must know for transplanted agents. You must know for transplanted agents. You must know for transplanted that I am biased as I say that because I that I am biased as I say that because I that I am biased as I say that because I am a shareholder in this software. But I am a shareholder in this software. But I am a shareholder in this software. But I was a user a customer far before I had was a user a customer far before I had was a user a customer far before I had the opportunity to invest in the tool. the opportunity to invest in the tool. the opportunity to invest in the tool. In fact I'm very selective of the In fact I'm very selective of the In fact I'm very selective of the companies I invest in. I must a be a companies I invest in. I must a be a companies I invest in. I must a be a user an actual uh customer of the user an actual uh customer of the user an actual uh customer of the platform myself first. Number two, I platform myself first. Number two, I platform myself first. Number two, I must truly believe they are the industry must truly believe they are the industry must truly believe they are the industry benchmark. They are the best at what benchmark. They are the best at what benchmark. They are the best at what they do. Other companies I've invested they do. Other companies I've invested they do. Other companies I've invested in are Clay.com, the leading lead in are Clay.com, the leading lead in are Clay.com, the leading lead generation tool and go to market generation tool and go to market generation tool and go to market strategy. This is a multi-billion dollar strategy. This is a multi-billion dollar strategy. This is a multi-billion dollar valuation business. I've invested in valuation business. I've invested in valuation business. I've invested in Triple Whale, one of the leading Triple Whale, one of the leading Triple Whale, one of the leading attribution companies in the world. attribution companies in the world. attribution companies in the world. Again, over a billion dollar valuation. Again, over a billion dollar valuation. Again, over a billion dollar valuation. And also, School.com, one of the leading And also, School.com, one of the leading And also, School.com, one of the leading community platforms, multiple hundreds community platforms, multiple hundreds community platforms, multiple hundreds of millions in valuation there as well of millions in valuation there as well of millions in valuation there as well among a bunch of other companies. And among a bunch of other companies. And among a bunch of other companies. And why am I telling you that? I don't make why am I telling you that? I don't make why am I telling you that? I don't make small bets. I bet on the companies that small bets. I bet on the companies that small bets. I bet on the companies that are the best at what they do. and a are the best at what they do. and a are the best at what they do. and a pointwise it's one of those which is why pointwise it's one of those which is why pointwise it's one of those which is why over 6,000 people would have used the over 6,000 people would have used the over 6,000 people would have used the platform. So let's go ahead and build platform. So let's go ahead and build platform. So let's go ahead and build this out. Um so I'm going to build a this out. Um so I'm going to build a this out. Um so I'm going to build a really simple agent to start off. This really simple agent to start off. This really simple agent to start off. This is going to be an outbound agent using is going to be an outbound agent using is going to be an outbound agent using the co-pilot feature. So this is a the co-pilot feature. So this is a the co-pilot feature. So this is a really easy thing to do. Anybody can do really easy thing to do. Anybody can do really easy thing to do. Anybody can do this. Then we're going to build a more this. Then we're going to build a more this. Then we're going to build a more complex agent afterwards which is the complex agent afterwards which is the complex agent afterwards which is the one I showed you with the inbound flow one I showed you with the inbound flow one I showed you with the inbound flow from lead magnets through to segmenting from lead magnets through to segmenting from lead magnets through to segmenting on different email lists. Okay. And so on different email lists. Okay. And so on different email lists. Okay. And so we're going to go ahead and we're going we're going to go ahead and we're going we're going to go ahead and we're going to hit create new AI. And we're just to hit create new AI. And we're just to hit create new AI. And we're just going to follow the instructions. Do we going to follow the instructions. Do we going to follow the instructions. Do we want to build this for our own business want to build this for our own business want to build this for our own business or do do we want to build it for our or do do we want to build it for our or do do we want to build it for our clients if we're an agency? I'm going to clients if we're an agency? I'm going to clients if we're an agency? I'm going to do it for my own business. Now, we're do it for my own business. Now, we're do it for my own business. Now, we're going to enter the business name. Um, going to enter the business name. Um, going to enter the business name. Um, let's mix this up and let's actually let's mix this up and let's actually let's mix this up and let's actually just do this for a random company rather just do this for a random company rather just do this for a random company rather than you seeing it build it for my own. than you seeing it build it for my own. than you seeing it build it for my own. And so, we'll demonstrate for something And so, we'll demonstrate for something And so, we'll demonstrate for something else. Let's do like Solar Manchester UK. else. Let's do like Solar Manchester UK. else. Let's do like Solar Manchester UK. Okay, we can do this for any company. It Okay, we can do this for any company. It Okay, we can do this for any company. It doesn't really matter, but let's just do doesn't really matter, but let's just do doesn't really matter, but let's just do it for a random business right now. it for a random business right now. it for a random business right now. Let's just pick something. Okay, what do Let's just pick something. Okay, what do Let's just pick something. Okay, what do we got here? Solar installers in we got here? Solar installers in we got here? Solar installers in Manchester. Okay, cool. This looks good. Manchester. Okay, cool. This looks good. Manchester. Okay, cool. This looks good. It's all these called ES Solar. So, It's all these called ES Solar. So, It's all these called ES Solar. So, let's put the company name. let's put the company name. let's put the company name. Nice. Nice. Nice. And we're going to hit continue. And And we're going to hit continue. And And we're going to hit continue. And then we're going to put the website link then we're going to put the website link then we're going to put the website link there. And we're going to analyze the there. And we're going to analyze the there. And we're going to analyze the website. The AI is going to scan the website. The AI is going to scan the website. The AI is going to scan the website on our behalf. And it's going to website on our behalf. And it's going to website on our behalf. And it's going to say, what do we want this agent to do? say, what do we want this agent to do? say, what do we want this agent to do? Okay. Let's see what these guys have got Okay. Let's see what these guys have got Okay. Let's see what these guys have got going on. Okay. So, they've got a quote going on. Okay. So, they've got a quote going on. Okay. So, they've got a quote here. So, what this make a switch to here. So, what this make a switch to here. So, what this make a switch to green energy. So, they've got like a green energy. So, they've got like a green energy. So, they've got like a quoting system. Let's say they're quoting system. Let's say they're quoting system. Let's say they're running ads to this quoting system, but running ads to this quoting system, but running ads to this quoting system, but people have opted into this quote, but people have opted into this quote, but people have opted into this quote, but they haven't then gone ahead and they haven't then gone ahead and they haven't then gone ahead and actually booked their, you know, actually booked their, you know, actually booked their, you know, presumably it's going to be a free presumably it's going to be a free presumably it's going to be a free quotation. Yeah. Okay, cool. So, let's quotation. Yeah. Okay, cool. So, let's quotation. Yeah. Okay, cool. So, let's say um people say um people say um people we're running ads we're running ads we're running ads ads to a free quote. We want to ads to a free quote. We want to ads to a free quote. We want to reach out to people that opted in but reach out to people that opted in but reach out to people that opted in but did not book a quote. Okay. And we want did not book a quote. Okay. And we want did not book a quote. Okay. And we want AI to book appointments. Okay. So if we AI to book appointments. Okay. So if we AI to book appointments. Okay. So if we want it to automatically book want it to automatically book want it to automatically book appointments on our behalf, then we appointments on our behalf, then we appointments on our behalf, then we would select this and we're then going would select this and we're then going would select this and we're then going to select our calendar. Okay. So we can to select our calendar. Okay. So we can to select our calendar. Okay. So we can integrate our calendars by hitting integrate our calendars by hitting integrate our calendars by hitting integrations. We can send a direct integrations. We can send a direct integrations. We can send a direct booking link if we want to if we want to booking link if we want to if we want to booking link if we want to if we want to manually share a calendar link. Okay. Um manually share a calendar link. Okay. Um manually share a calendar link. Okay. Um or we can set a custom conversion goal. or we can set a custom conversion goal. or we can set a custom conversion goal. And this is where we can just send over And this is where we can just send over And this is where we can just send over anything else. Okay? Or we could just anything else. Okay? Or we could just anything else. Okay? Or we could just have a conversation and just feed into a have a conversation and just feed into a have a conversation and just feed into a knowledge base. But we're going to book knowledge base. But we're going to book knowledge base. But we're going to book appointments. Okay. So, we're going to appointments. Okay. So, we're going to appointments. Okay. So, we're going to set a calendar. I'm going to set this to set a calendar. I'm going to set this to set a calendar. I'm going to set this to a test calendar for ease. But again, you a test calendar for ease. But again, you a test calendar for ease. But again, you can integrate here via Google calendar. can integrate here via Google calendar. can integrate here via Google calendar. Um, or if you use go high level to CRM, Um, or if you use go high level to CRM, Um, or if you use go high level to CRM, you can do that as well. Or if you use you can do that as well. Or if you use you can do that as well. Or if you use Zappia, you can connect via any other Zappia, you can connect via any other Zappia, you can connect via any other calendar. What do we want to happen when calendar. What do we want to happen when calendar. What do we want to happen when people actually go ahead and they book? people actually go ahead and they book? people actually go ahead and they book? Well, let's turn off follow-ups. We Well, let's turn off follow-ups. We Well, let's turn off follow-ups. We could turn off the AI completely, but I could turn off the AI completely, but I could turn off the AI completely, but I recommend just turning off the recommend just turning off the recommend just turning off the follow-ups because what about if that follow-ups because what about if that follow-ups because what about if that person re-engages in the future? you person re-engages in the future? you person re-engages in the future? you want the AI to have another conversation want the AI to have another conversation want the AI to have another conversation with them. It's now building this agent with them. It's now building this agent with them. It's now building this agent on our behalf from like the scan of the on our behalf from like the scan of the on our behalf from like the scan of the website from this very limited website from this very limited website from this very limited information that we've given it in the information that we've given it in the information that we've given it in the last what 30 seconds or however however last what 30 seconds or however however last what 30 seconds or however however long that is got an overview of the long that is got an overview of the long that is got an overview of the agent. So we can go ahead and we can agent. So we can go ahead and we can agent. So we can go ahead and we can review this ourselves the messages and review this ourselves the messages and review this ourselves the messages and so on. Um and so in fact let's just so on. Um and so in fact let's just so on. Um and so in fact let's just click view agent at the bottom here. click view agent at the bottom here. click view agent at the bottom here. It's going to take us through to the It's going to take us through to the It's going to take us through to the back end. So now what we can see is we back end. So now what we can see is we back end. So now what we can see is we can see our prompt. So we can go and we can see our prompt. So we can go and we can see our prompt. So we can go and we can for advanced users we can go ahead can for advanced users we can go ahead can for advanced users we can go ahead and we can edit that prompt. Okay. And and we can edit that prompt. Okay. And and we can edit that prompt. Okay. And so this basically sits on top of the so this basically sits on top of the so this basically sits on top of the tech on a pointwise and allows us to tech on a pointwise and allows us to tech on a pointwise and allows us to like manipulate how the conversation like manipulate how the conversation like manipulate how the conversation goes. goes. goes. Um, we can go ahead and we can change Um, we can go ahead and we can change Um, we can go ahead and we can change the tonality. Okay, so do we want to be the tonality. Okay, so do we want to be the tonality. Okay, so do we want to be friendly and casual? Do we want it to be friendly and casual? Do we want it to be friendly and casual? Do we want it to be more, you know, more uh professional and more, you know, more uh professional and more, you know, more uh professional and formal, for example? Do we want there to formal, for example? Do we want there to formal, for example? Do we want there to be a message delay before it's sent out? be a message delay before it's sent out? be a message delay before it's sent out? A response delay? How do we want the A response delay? How do we want the A response delay? How do we want the objection handling to be? Mother Theresa objection handling to be? Mother Theresa objection handling to be? Mother Theresa up to buy or die, qualification, up to buy or die, qualification, up to buy or die, qualification, priority, creativity, etc. This is all priority, creativity, etc. This is all priority, creativity, etc. This is all kind of already stuck to us. So to kind of already stuck to us. So to kind of already stuck to us. So to qualification priority is like if they qualification priority is like if they qualification priority is like if they don't like respond to the qualification don't like respond to the qualification don't like respond to the qualification question, how important is it that that question, how important is it that that question, how important is it that that we actually get answers from them? So we actually get answers from them? So we actually get answers from them? So aggressive or conservative. I'd aggressive or conservative. I'd aggressive or conservative. I'd recommend keeping this on conservative. recommend keeping this on conservative. recommend keeping this on conservative. And then creativity is like do we want And then creativity is like do we want And then creativity is like do we want it to veer off course or do we want it it to veer off course or do we want it it to veer off course or do we want it to stick to the script? Okay. If we go to stick to the script? Okay. If we go to stick to the script? Okay. If we go on conversation, we can see that it's on conversation, we can see that it's on conversation, we can see that it's already like generated all of this from already like generated all of this from already like generated all of this from the website. So hey, it's actually from the website. So hey, it's actually from the website. So hey, it's actually from Essie Solar. So we can change that to Essie Solar. So we can change that to Essie Solar. So we can change that to know Alex for example. Can you confirm know Alex for example. Can you confirm know Alex for example. Can you confirm this is first name? Um just checking and this is first name? Um just checking and this is first name? Um just checking and these are qualification questions. just these are qualification questions. just these are qualification questions. just checking, are you still interested in a checking, are you still interested in a checking, are you still interested in a free quot for solar? What made you free quot for solar? What made you free quot for solar? What made you curious about solar for your place, curious about solar for your place, curious about solar for your place, bills, environment, or something else? bills, environment, or something else? bills, environment, or something else? Do you own your property or are you Do you own your property or are you Do you own your property or are you renting right now? If you could cut your renting right now? If you could cut your renting right now? If you could cut your energy bill in half, what would would energy bill in half, what would would energy bill in half, what would would you want to see how that might look for you want to see how that might look for you want to see how that might look for you? And then we've got follow-up um you? And then we've got follow-up um you? And then we've got follow-up um messages going in there as well. Okay. messages going in there as well. Okay. messages going in there as well. Okay. Now, I would recommend having one to Now, I would recommend having one to Now, I would recommend having one to three qualifi qualifying questions if three qualifi qualifying questions if three qualifi qualifying questions if it's a business like this maximum. So, it's a business like this maximum. So, it's a business like this maximum. So, we can get rid of one of those there. we can get rid of one of those there. we can get rid of one of those there. Follow-ups. Again, I would recommend Follow-ups. Again, I would recommend Follow-ups. Again, I would recommend having anything from five to 10 having anything from five to 10 having anything from five to 10 follow-ups. You don't just have to follow-ups. You don't just have to follow-ups. You don't just have to follow up within let's say a 5day period follow up within let's say a 5day period follow up within let's say a 5day period but you could also add a follow-up and but you could also add a follow-up and but you could also add a follow-up and chuck that in for you know 30 days time chuck that in for you know 30 days time chuck that in for you know 30 days time from now. Okay. So we could send some from now. Okay. So we could send some from now. Okay. So we could send some follow-ups quite far into the future follow-ups quite far into the future follow-ups quite far into the future that nurture back into these that nurture back into these that nurture back into these individuals. So this is how simple and individuals. So this is how simple and individuals. So this is how simple and easy it is to set up a simple outbound easy it is to set up a simple outbound easy it is to set up a simple outbound agent because that whole thing is done agent because that whole thing is done agent because that whole thing is done there. We can just edit the messages. We there. We can just edit the messages. We there. We can just edit the messages. We can add to the knowledge base if we want can add to the knowledge base if we want can add to the knowledge base if we want to there as well. Um we can add some to there as well. Um we can add some to there as well. Um we can add some specific tasks. So, when an appointment specific tasks. So, when an appointment specific tasks. So, when an appointment is booked, we want it to go ahead and is booked, we want it to go ahead and is booked, we want it to go ahead and do, you know, to turn off follow-ups. Or do, you know, to turn off follow-ups. Or do, you know, to turn off follow-ups. Or we can say, well, let's add a new task. we can say, well, let's add a new task. we can say, well, let's add a new task. And when somebody And when somebody And when somebody uh let's say, like, let's go to AI tasks uh let's say, like, let's go to AI tasks uh let's say, like, let's go to AI tasks for a moment. Let's create a task here. for a moment. Let's create a task here. for a moment. Let's create a task here. When um somebody says when the lead says When um somebody says when the lead says When um somebody says when the lead says they can't afford solar, okay. they can't afford solar, okay. they can't afford solar, okay. Um and we'll say unqualified, for Um and we'll say unqualified, for Um and we'll say unqualified, for example. example. example. Then we can go ahead and we can go and Then we can go ahead and we can go and Then we can go ahead and we can go and choose well let's go and update let's choose well let's go and update let's choose well let's go and update let's say we want to add a tag let's say on say we want to add a tag let's say on say we want to add a tag let's say on our CRM system and we can add that tag our CRM system and we can add that tag our CRM system and we can add that tag unqualified unqualified unqualified okay so based on specific things that okay so based on specific things that okay so based on specific things that are being said in the conversation we are being said in the conversation we are being said in the conversation we can then go and add tags to the CRM can then go and add tags to the CRM can then go and add tags to the CRM system we can then go ahead and sign system we can then go ahead and sign system we can then go ahead and sign that I save that we can assign it to that I save that we can assign it to that I save that we can assign it to multiple agents at once so this rule multiple agents at once so this rule multiple agents at once so this rule applies to everybody across the board applies to everybody across the board applies to everybody across the board and as I said if you you're not using go and as I said if you you're not using go and as I said if you you're not using go high level as a CRM system, um, which is high level as a CRM system, um, which is high level as a CRM system, um, which is the one I recommend, broadly speaking. the one I recommend, broadly speaking. the one I recommend, broadly speaking. I'll put a link in the description to I'll put a link in the description to I'll put a link in the description to that. You can check it out. I've put a that. You can check it out. I've put a that. You can check it out. I've put a lots of videos out training people on lots of videos out training people on lots of videos out training people on how to use it. We've used many over the how to use it. We've used many over the how to use it. We've used many over the years. It's simple, it's cheap, etc. Um, years. It's simple, it's cheap, etc. Um, years. It's simple, it's cheap, etc. Um, you can then also connect via Zapio if you can then also connect via Zapio if you can then also connect via Zapio if you're not using high level is the point you're not using high level is the point you're not using high level is the point I was getting at. Anyway, let's go back I was getting at. Anyway, let's go back I was getting at. Anyway, let's go back to that agent. Um, and we can go ahead to that agent. Um, and we can go ahead to that agent. Um, and we can go ahead and we can test this right now. So, if and we can test this right now. So, if and we can test this right now. So, if we want to, we can hit this up here. We we want to, we can hit this up here. We we want to, we can hit this up here. We can go save and then we can test my AI can go save and then we can test my AI can go save and then we can test my AI right now. We can also access it on the right now. We can also access it on the right now. We can also access it on the left hand side. test AI. So now we can test it in a this is So now we can test it in a this is So now we can test it in a this is obviously a testing window, but we when obviously a testing window, but we when obviously a testing window, but we when we plug this into the CRM, it can be we plug this into the CRM, it can be we plug this into the CRM, it can be WhatsApp, SMS, Instagram, Facebook, WhatsApp, SMS, Instagram, Facebook, WhatsApp, SMS, Instagram, Facebook, whatever platform we've chosen. Hey, whatever platform we've chosen. Hey, whatever platform we've chosen. Hey, testing for me Solola. Can we confirm testing for me Solola. Can we confirm testing for me Solola. Can we confirm this as first name? Yes, obviously this this as first name? Yes, obviously this this as first name? Yes, obviously this would be imported from the CRM with the would be imported from the CRM with the would be imported from the CRM with the individual contact. Thanks for individual contact. Thanks for individual contact. Thanks for confirming you're still interested in confirming you're still interested in confirming you're still interested in getting a free solo quote. Uh, kind of. We can also pop this window out as well We can also pop this window out as well We can also pop this window out as well whilst we're doing other things on the whilst we're doing other things on the whilst we're doing other things on the the agent builder if we want to be the agent builder if we want to be the agent builder if we want to be editing the agent at the same time. editing the agent at the same time. editing the agent at the same time. Let's go back in the test environment. Let's go back in the test environment. Let's go back in the test environment. We're back. Appreciate your honesty. We're back. Appreciate your honesty. We're back. Appreciate your honesty. What made you curious about solar in the What made you curious about solar in the What made you curious about solar in the first place? Build environment something first place? Build environment something first place? Build environment something else. Government else. Government else. Government say getting piss on prices. Cool. Do you own your own property? Own Cool. Do you own your own property? Own Cool. Do you own your own property? Own it. it. it. Can you cut to the chase? So, I don't Can you cut to the chase? So, I don't Can you cut to the chase? So, I don't have time for this. Let's add some have time for this. Let's add some have time for this. Let's add some pressure to it and see if it buckles. pressure to it and see if it buckles. pressure to it and see if it buckles. Understood. You own a place. If you Understood. You own a place. If you Understood. You own a place. If you could cut your energy bill in half, could cut your energy bill in half, could cut your energy bill in half, would you want to see how it might look would you want to see how it might look would you want to see how it might look for you? For a quick quote, I can do for you? For a quick quote, I can do for you? For a quick quote, I can do today at 7:00 p.m. or 7:30 work for you. today at 7:00 p.m. or 7:30 work for you. today at 7:00 p.m. or 7:30 work for you. Straight to the chase. Like, straight Straight to the chase. Like, straight Straight to the chase. Like, straight in. Yeah, cool. But can't do those in. Yeah, cool. But can't do those in. Yeah, cool. But can't do those times. What about tomorrow? No problem for tomorrow. can do one or No problem for tomorrow. can do one or No problem for tomorrow. can do one or six. What works better for you? Six. six. What works better for you? Six. six. What works better for you? Six. Cool. Then we're just going to go ahead Cool. Then we're just going to go ahead Cool. Then we're just going to go ahead and actually book this call. You think and actually book this call. You think and actually book this call. You think all this has been autogenerated from the all this has been autogenerated from the all this has been autogenerated from the website in like under two minutes and website in like under two minutes and website in like under two minutes and doing this. But let's build something a doing this. But let's build something a doing this. But let's build something a little bit more complex. Let's build little bit more complex. Let's build little bit more complex. Let's build something that's a bit more multi-stage something that's a bit more multi-stage something that's a bit more multi-stage logic. So here we've got this. You see logic. So here we've got this. You see logic. So here we've got this. You see appointment has been booked there on the appointment has been booked there on the appointment has been booked there on the bottom. So we're going to go to co-pilot bottom. So we're going to go to co-pilot bottom. So we're going to go to co-pilot create new agent. create new agent. create new agent. We're going to do it for my business. We're going to do it for my business. We're going to do it for my business. Again, we're going to do SE solar 2. Again, we're going to do SE solar 2. Again, we're going to do SE solar 2. We're going to put the website in. We're We're going to put the website in. We're We're going to put the website in. We're going to analyze the website. and say we going to analyze the website. and say we going to analyze the website. and say we offer solar to people. Keep it really offer solar to people. Keep it really offer solar to people. Keep it really primitive there. You want to make that primitive there. You want to make that primitive there. You want to make that like much more advanced uh and just more like much more advanced uh and just more like much more advanced uh and just more sophisticated for yourself. Um but I'm sophisticated for yourself. Um but I'm sophisticated for yourself. Um but I'm keep it bare bones. We're going to want keep it bare bones. We're going to want keep it bare bones. We're going to want it to booked calls. We're going to want it to booked calls. We're going to want it to booked calls. We're going to want it to turn off follow-up. So basically it to turn off follow-up. So basically it to turn off follow-up. So basically we're building the exact same agent we're building the exact same agent we're building the exact same agent again. Okay. Um which we also could have again. Okay. Um which we also could have again. Okay. Um which we also could have just done by going in AI agents, just done by going in AI agents, just done by going in AI agents, clicking agents, and just duplicated the clicking agents, and just duplicated the clicking agents, and just duplicated the agent that we've we just previously agent that we've we just previously agent that we've we just previously built. Um but let's just let this finish built. Um but let's just let this finish built. Um but let's just let this finish as I've done that. I've taken it the as I've done that. I've taken it the as I've done that. I've taken it the long way. So, we built that agent there. long way. So, we built that agent there. long way. So, we built that agent there. You see, we can just hit duplicate You see, we can just hit duplicate You see, we can just hit duplicate clone. So, we could have just cloned clone. So, we could have just cloned clone. So, we could have just cloned that. We're going to call this one as a that. We're going to call this one as a that. We're going to call this one as a solar inbound agent. Okay. And we're solar inbound agent. Okay. And we're solar inbound agent. Okay. And we're actually going to go ahead and do build actually going to go ahead and do build actually going to go ahead and do build my prompt. Okay. So, specify the company my prompt. Okay. So, specify the company my prompt. Okay. So, specify the company the works for and clearly defined uh its the works for and clearly defined uh its the works for and clearly defined uh its role within it. Okay. Um, so role within it. Okay. Um, so role within it. Okay. Um, so you work for SE Solar, you work for SE Solar, you work for SE Solar, um, a solar installation business in um, a solar installation business in um, a solar installation business in Manchester. You are, You are, You are, this agent will be handling all inbound this agent will be handling all inbound this agent will be handling all inbound Instagram messages. Instagram messages. Instagram messages. You must identify the intent of a You must identify the intent of a You must identify the intent of a message, whether it's a general question message, whether it's a general question message, whether it's a general question that should be answered or if someone is that should be answered or if someone is that should be answered or if someone is sending a keyword because they are sending a keyword because they are sending a keyword because they are opting into a lead magnet. In fact, opting into a lead magnet. In fact, opting into a lead magnet. In fact, you will establish the intent of inbound you will establish the intent of inbound you will establish the intent of inbound messages messages messages and either answer questions and either answer questions and either answer questions um for to leads or you will route them um for to leads or you will route them um for to leads or you will route them through to a relevant lead magnet agent through to a relevant lead magnet agent through to a relevant lead magnet agent based on a keyword they send. and then based on a keyword they send. and then based on a keyword they send. and then book quotations. book quotations. book quotations. Okay. Objective one, establish Okay. Objective one, establish Okay. Objective one, establish message intent. Two, book a call. Three, message intent. Two, book a call. Three, message intent. Two, book a call. Three, route to relevant route to relevant route to relevant keyword. keyword. keyword. Okay. Context. Okay. Context. Okay. Context. These are inbound leads from in from a These are inbound leads from in from a These are inbound leads from in from a variety of different sources and their variety of different sources and their variety of different sources and their intent is unknown. intent is unknown. intent is unknown. Okay, let's skip rules and we could add Okay, let's skip rules and we could add Okay, let's skip rules and we could add some examples of conversations for it to some examples of conversations for it to some examples of conversations for it to follow there. We're just going to go follow there. We're just going to go follow there. We're just going to go ahead and we're going to build that ahead and we're going to build that ahead and we're going to build that prompt. Okay, so that's all been built prompt. Okay, so that's all been built prompt. Okay, so that's all been built automatically for us by AI. It's gone automatically for us by AI. It's gone automatically for us by AI. It's gone ahead and it's written that on our ahead and it's written that on our ahead and it's written that on our behalf. Okay, now we're going to have behalf. Okay, now we're going to have behalf. Okay, now we're going to have this keyword with this is just going to this keyword with this is just going to this keyword with this is just going to be Essie Solar, but this can be be Essie Solar, but this can be be Essie Solar, but this can be triggered just by we can have this triggered just by we can have this triggered just by we can have this default setting on any inbound message default setting on any inbound message default setting on any inbound message we get on Instagram. Um, I'm going to go we get on Instagram. Um, I'm going to go we get on Instagram. Um, I'm going to go I won't play around with these message I won't play around with these message I won't play around with these message response limits uh or delays. We're just response limits uh or delays. We're just response limits uh or delays. We're just going to set it on zero. So, the testing going to set it on zero. So, the testing going to set it on zero. So, the testing agent works nice and easy for us. Um, so agent works nice and easy for us. Um, so agent works nice and easy for us. Um, so the initial message is actually the initial message is actually the initial message is actually irrelevant because we're not going to be irrelevant because we're not going to be irrelevant because we're not going to be sending an initial message. So, this can sending an initial message. So, this can sending an initial message. So, this can just stay like as the default setting. just stay like as the default setting. just stay like as the default setting. Um, we can change that to a name though, Um, we can change that to a name though, Um, we can change that to a name though, but this is not going to be actually be but this is not going to be actually be but this is not going to be actually be sent because it's an inbound message. sent because it's an inbound message. sent because it's an inbound message. And then we got the qualifying And then we got the qualifying And then we got the qualifying questions. Okay, so this is basically if questions. Okay, so this is basically if questions. Okay, so this is basically if someone is inquiring, first of all, someone is inquiring, first of all, someone is inquiring, first of all, they're only going to hit this agent if they're only going to hit this agent if they're only going to hit this agent if it's just a standard inbound message. it's just a standard inbound message. it's just a standard inbound message. Maybe they've asked a question, you Maybe they've asked a question, you Maybe they've asked a question, you know, and so we're going to what it's know, and so we're going to what it's know, and so we're going to what it's always going to do, it's going to always going to do, it's going to always going to do, it's going to default to answer questions. Okay, so default to answer questions. Okay, so default to answer questions. Okay, so message intent and answer initial message intent and answer initial message intent and answer initial question. Okay. question. Okay. question. Okay. And then it's going to book an And then it's going to book an And then it's going to book an appointment if the message is a general appointment if the message is a general appointment if the message is a general inquiry. Okay. And so then so what it's inquiry. Okay. And so then so what it's inquiry. Okay. And so then so what it's going to do is it's going to respond to going to do is it's going to respond to going to do is it's going to respond to them. We'll test this so you can see it. them. We'll test this so you can see it. them. We'll test this so you can see it. And then it's going to start qualifying And then it's going to start qualifying And then it's going to start qualifying them for ease. Let's um let's go ahead. them for ease. Let's um let's go ahead. them for ease. Let's um let's go ahead. Let's get rid of that. And you know, Let's get rid of that. And you know, Let's get rid of that. And you know, we've got the free qualifying questions. we've got the free qualifying questions. we've got the free qualifying questions. We then got all of our follow-ups as We then got all of our follow-ups as We then got all of our follow-ups as well that we can go ahead and we can well that we can go ahead and we can well that we can go ahead and we can edit. Um configurations wise, obviously, edit. Um configurations wise, obviously, edit. Um configurations wise, obviously, we're going to put that into the we're going to put that into the we're going to put that into the calendar. We've set a calendar there calendar. We've set a calendar there calendar. We've set a calendar there already. And then knowledge base. We already. And then knowledge base. We already. And then knowledge base. We want to fill in as much information as want to fill in as much information as want to fill in as much information as possible that we got from our knowledge. possible that we got from our knowledge. possible that we got from our knowledge. It's going to scrape from the website. It's going to scrape from the website. It's going to scrape from the website. It's also going to scrape based on web- It's also going to scrape based on web- It's also going to scrape based on web- based information on solar as well. But based information on solar as well. But based information on solar as well. But as much information as we've got so it as much information as we've got so it as much information as we've got so it can answer all of those inbound can answer all of those inbound can answer all of those inbound questions. It's worth spending the time questions. It's worth spending the time questions. It's worth spending the time to do that. And albeit as I said, it's to do that. And albeit as I said, it's to do that. And albeit as I said, it's going to feed into just LLM um going to feed into just LLM um going to feed into just LLM um information if not. So it's not just information if not. So it's not just information if not. So it's not just going to if you don't put the knowledge, going to if you don't put the knowledge, going to if you don't put the knowledge, it's not just going to say I don't know it's not just going to say I don't know it's not just going to say I don't know the answer to that. It's still going to the answer to that. It's still going to the answer to that. It's still going to feed into it. We can test that. So, feed into it. We can test that. So, feed into it. We can test that. So, we're going to launch this test we're going to launch this test we're going to launch this test environment and we can just see what environment and we can just see what environment and we can just see what this individual we can end this this individual we can end this this individual we can end this conversation conversation conversation and we can just start a new test and and we can just start a new test and and we can just start a new test and let's go ahead and we're going to test let's go ahead and we're going to test let's go ahead and we're going to test uh SE solar. Okay, we've got the same uh SE solar. Okay, we've got the same uh SE solar. Okay, we've got the same tag there. Inbound. tag there. Inbound. tag there. Inbound. Let's just call this inbound Let's just call this inbound Let's just call this inbound launch test environment. launch test environment. launch test environment. Okay. Okay, so first things first, we can Okay, so first things first, we can Okay, so first things first, we can ignore this initial message because ignore this initial message because ignore this initial message because we're not triggering this from outbound. we're not triggering this from outbound. we're not triggering this from outbound. We're setting this for inbound. So let's We're setting this for inbound. So let's We're setting this for inbound. So let's act as if someone is sending a message act as if someone is sending a message act as if someone is sending a message to the Instagram page. We're going to to the Instagram page. We're going to to the Instagram page. We're going to ask a general question. What kind of ask a general question. What kind of ask a general question. What kind of solar panels are there? Okay, we haven't solar panels are there? Okay, we haven't solar panels are there? Okay, we haven't given it this information. So it's going given it this information. So it's going given it this information. So it's going to have to feed into general LLM to have to feed into general LLM to have to feed into general LLM knowledge knowledge. knowledge knowledge. knowledge knowledge. Knowledge knowledge. That sounds weird Knowledge knowledge. That sounds weird Knowledge knowledge. That sounds weird right now. Nice one. There are three right now. Nice one. There are three right now. Nice one. There are three main types. Monochristine, main types. Monochristine, main types. Monochristine, polychrystine, and thin film panels, polychrystine, and thin film panels, polychrystine, and thin film panels, each with their own benefits. Quick one. each with their own benefits. Quick one. each with their own benefits. Quick one. Are you an owner of a home or a business Are you an owner of a home or a business Are you an owner of a home or a business property? So, we've answered that property? So, we've answered that property? So, we've answered that question. We haven't even given the question. We haven't even given the question. We haven't even given the knowledge. If we want a different answer knowledge. If we want a different answer knowledge. If we want a different answer here depending on the business that you here depending on the business that you here depending on the business that you know that we're working with that's know that we're working with that's know that we're working with that's running this or depending it's your running this or depending it's your running this or depending it's your business and then you can give more business and then you can give more business and then you can give more information there. But, it's fed into information there. But, it's fed into information there. But, it's fed into the LLM. Quick one. Are you owner of the the LLM. Quick one. Are you owner of the the LLM. Quick one. Are you owner of the home or property business? And now we're home or property business? And now we're home or property business? And now we're going to go through that process. You going to go through that process. You going to go through that process. You know, I own a home and what's the know, I own a home and what's the know, I own a home and what's the benefit of poly benefit of poly benefit of poly crystalline? crystalline? crystalline? Okay, so I'm going to ask another Okay, so I'm going to ask another Okay, so I'm going to ask another question, but I'm also going to go along question, but I'm also going to go along question, but I'm also going to go along with this and we've already seen this with this and we've already seen this with this and we've already seen this process here. It's now going to try and process here. It's now going to try and process here. It's now going to try and set us, but we've answered that set us, but we've answered that set us, but we've answered that question. And so, we're able to, you question. And so, we're able to, you question. And so, we're able to, you know, feed into that knowledge, but also know, feed into that knowledge, but also know, feed into that knowledge, but also book people onto the call and get our book people onto the call and get our book people onto the call and get our goal out of it, which is making some goal out of it, which is making some goal out of it, which is making some money. So, polyquestine panels are money. So, polyquestine panels are money. So, polyquestine panels are affordable and reliable, making them a affordable and reliable, making them a affordable and reliable, making them a popular choice for many homeowners. How popular choice for many homeowners. How popular choice for many homeowners. How much your average monthly energy bills much your average monthly energy bills much your average monthly energy bills right now? So, we're now we're given the right now? So, we're now we're given the right now? So, we're now we're given the answer, but then we're diverting back to answer, but then we're diverting back to answer, but then we're diverting back to that qualification. Cool. So, that's the that qualification. Cool. So, that's the that qualification. Cool. So, that's the simple inbound flow, but that's not simple inbound flow, but that's not simple inbound flow, but that's not we're trying to create here. We're we're trying to create here. We're we're trying to create here. We're trying to create a flow that recognizes trying to create a flow that recognizes trying to create a flow that recognizes when someone's asking questions, yes, when someone's asking questions, yes, when someone's asking questions, yes, tries to set them on a calendar, but tries to set them on a calendar, but tries to set them on a calendar, but also wants to recognize if somebody is also wants to recognize if somebody is also wants to recognize if somebody is trying to opt into the lead magnet, trying to opt into the lead magnet, trying to opt into the lead magnet, okay, that we have that we are okay, that we have that we are okay, that we have that we are hypothetically creating here. So, let's hypothetically creating here. So, let's hypothetically creating here. So, let's go ahead and actually create that lead go ahead and actually create that lead go ahead and actually create that lead magnet flow. So, we're going to go ahead magnet flow. So, we're going to go ahead magnet flow. So, we're going to go ahead and clone this inbound agent that we and clone this inbound agent that we and clone this inbound agent that we created. Let's go on there. And let's created. Let's go on there. And let's created. Let's go on there. And let's call this uh call this uh call this uh energy resource energy resource energy resource because this is going to be triggering because this is going to be triggering because this is going to be triggering when somebody sends the keyword energy. when somebody sends the keyword energy. when somebody sends the keyword energy. Okay, let's say we've got a piece of Okay, let's say we've got a piece of Okay, let's say we've got a piece of organic content and we said DM us the organic content and we said DM us the organic content and we said DM us the keyword energy and we're going to send keyword energy and we're going to send keyword energy and we're going to send you over this free energy saving guide. you over this free energy saving guide. you over this free energy saving guide. Let's edit the instructions here. And Let's edit the instructions here. And Let's edit the instructions here. And this agent will be uh delivering lead this agent will be uh delivering lead this agent will be uh delivering lead magnets to uh inbound leads. And we can magnets to uh inbound leads. And we can magnets to uh inbound leads. And we can get rid of this. And then the primary get rid of this. And then the primary get rid of this. And then the primary objective is going to be uh initially objective is going to be uh initially objective is going to be uh initially let's just say your conversation flow. let's just say your conversation flow. let's just say your conversation flow. We're going to just map this out on our We're going to just map this out on our We're going to just map this out on our end is going to be number one. I like end is going to be number one. I like end is going to be number one. I like to, if we're delivering a lead magnet, to, if we're delivering a lead magnet, to, if we're delivering a lead magnet, ask, "Okay, you after the um energy ask, "Okay, you after the um energy ask, "Okay, you after the um energy uh saving guide." Let's just say that's uh saving guide." Let's just say that's uh saving guide." Let's just say that's what it's called. Say, what it's called. Say, what it's called. Say, and then it's going to be qualification and then it's going to be qualification and then it's going to be qualification question one. So, let's always ask a question one. So, let's always ask a question one. So, let's always ask a qualification question first before we qualification question first before we qualification question first before we deliver the resource. It's kind of our deliver the resource. It's kind of our deliver the resource. It's kind of our bargaining power. They want something. bargaining power. They want something. bargaining power. They want something. We've got an opportunity to ask them a We've got an opportunity to ask them a We've got an opportunity to ask them a question. segment the leads that are question. segment the leads that are question. segment the leads that are coming through first before we give them coming through first before we give them coming through first before we give them what they're actually here for. Um, what they're actually here for. Um, what they're actually here for. Um, deliver the resource. Here's that guide deliver the resource. Here's that guide deliver the resource. Here's that guide and then link. Okay, so let's just put and then link. Okay, so let's just put and then link. Okay, so let's just put www.link.com. www.link.com. www.link.com. Okay, you would actually put the your Okay, you would actually put the your Okay, you would actually put the your your lead magnet link, the resource, and your lead magnet link, the resource, and your lead magnet link, the resource, and then we're going to do qualification then we're going to do qualification then we're going to do qualification question two. And then we're going to go question two. And then we're going to go question two. And then we're going to go ahead and book a call. Let's get rid of ahead and book a call. Let's get rid of ahead and book a call. Let's get rid of this. It's not so relevant here. Here's this. It's not so relevant here. Here's this. It's not so relevant here. Here's the context. We can keep this the context. We can keep this the context. We can keep this information. This is actually just dummy information. This is actually just dummy information. This is actually just dummy information that we didn't fill in information that we didn't fill in information that we didn't fill in earlier. So, we can get rid of that as earlier. So, we can get rid of that as earlier. So, we can get rid of that as well. This is a very, very simple well. This is a very, very simple well. This is a very, very simple prompt. We're just outlining what the prompt. We're just outlining what the prompt. We're just outlining what the agent does and the conversation flow. agent does and the conversation flow. agent does and the conversation flow. Okay. And this allows us to just Okay. And this allows us to just Okay. And this allows us to just manipulate how this conversation is manipulate how this conversation is manipulate how this conversation is going to go. We're then going to edit going to go. We're then going to edit going to go. We're then going to edit this inside of the conversations tab this inside of the conversations tab this inside of the conversations tab itself. Just we got this information itself. Just we got this information itself. Just we got this information there in two places. Okay. So, you after there in two places. Okay. So, you after there in two places. Okay. So, you after the energy saving guide. Let's just go the energy saving guide. Let's just go the energy saving guide. Let's just go ahead and add that here. We al just want ahead and add that here. We al just want ahead and add that here. We al just want to check in case someone's making a to check in case someone's making a to check in case someone's making a mistake. And then we're going to send mistake. And then we're going to send mistake. And then we're going to send qualification question one. We can keep qualification question one. We can keep qualification question one. We can keep this the same quick one. Are you the this the same quick one. Are you the this the same quick one. Are you the owner of the home or business property? owner of the home or business property? owner of the home or business property? It's then going to deliver the resource. It's then going to deliver the resource. It's then going to deliver the resource. Here's that guide. Like I say, it's Here's that guide. Like I say, it's Here's that guide. Like I say, it's going to send that in between here. And going to send that in between here. And going to send that in between here. And then it's going to send qualification then it's going to send qualification then it's going to send qualification question two. And it's going to go ahead question two. And it's going to go ahead question two. And it's going to go ahead and book a call. Okay. And so we can go and book a call. Okay. And so we can go and book a call. Okay. And so we can go and test out that flow. We're not going and test out that flow. We're not going and test out that flow. We're not going to change any of the follow-ups and so to change any of the follow-ups and so to change any of the follow-ups and so on, but you would obviously want to do on, but you would obviously want to do on, but you would obviously want to do so when you're building this out for so when you're building this out for so when you're building this out for yourself. Okay. Um, yourself. Okay. Um, yourself. Okay. Um, we are going to send a booking link. Uh, we are going to send a booking link. Uh, we are going to send a booking link. Uh, no, sorry. We're going to book them into no, sorry. We're going to book them into no, sorry. We're going to book them into a calendar. That's what we want to do. a calendar. That's what we want to do. a calendar. That's what we want to do. But we do want to send it to a different But we do want to send it to a different But we do want to send it to a different calendar. Okay. Depending on their calendar. Okay. Depending on their calendar. Okay. Depending on their qualification level. So we are going to qualification level. So we are going to qualification level. So we are going to add that additional step as well. Okay. add that additional step as well. Okay. add that additional step as well. Okay. And so to do that we're going to go over And so to do that we're going to go over And so to do that we're going to go over to tasks. Okay. So we're first of all to tasks. Okay. So we're first of all to tasks. Okay. So we're first of all going to add a new task. Okay. And this going to add a new task. Okay. And this going to add a new task. Okay. And this is obviously when someone takes a is obviously when someone takes a is obviously when someone takes a specific action um on this uh on this on specific action um on this uh on this on specific action um on this uh on this on this flow itself. Okay. I'm going to go this flow itself. Okay. I'm going to go this flow itself. Okay. I'm going to go ahead and save that. Okay. And we can go ahead and save that. Okay. And we can go ahead and save that. Okay. And we can go over to AI tasks. We're going to create over to AI tasks. We're going to create over to AI tasks. We're going to create a new task. We're going to set a a new task. We're going to set a a new task. We're going to set a trigger. Okay. Now that trigger is well trigger. Okay. Now that trigger is well trigger. Okay. Now that trigger is well first of all let's call it home owner first of all let's call it home owner first of all let's call it home owner segment and let's just presume that this segment and let's just presume that this segment and let's just presume that this rule is when the lead says they are a rule is when the lead says they are a rule is when the lead says they are a homeowner. homeowner. homeowner. Going to hit save. We're going to add Going to hit save. We're going to add Going to hit save. We're going to add some actions. Let's add a tag on our CRM some actions. Let's add a tag on our CRM some actions. Let's add a tag on our CRM system and let's have homeowner. system and let's have homeowner. system and let's have homeowner. And then we're going to go ahead and And then we're going to go ahead and And then we're going to go ahead and we're also going to update the calendar. we're also going to update the calendar. we're also going to update the calendar. Okay. and we can choose our calendar Okay. and we can choose our calendar Okay. and we can choose our calendar provider. And let's just presume this is provider. And let's just presume this is provider. And let's just presume this is a homeowner calendar. So we're now a homeowner calendar. So we're now a homeowner calendar. So we're now segmenting people when they say that segmenting people when they say that segmenting people when they say that they are a homeowner. They answer that they are a homeowner. They answer that they are a homeowner. They answer that to the qualification question. We add a to the qualification question. We add a to the qualification question. We add a tag on the CRM system which can take tag on the CRM system which can take tag on the CRM system which can take whatever actions we want it to take. And whatever actions we want it to take. And whatever actions we want it to take. And it's then only going to assign them to a it's then only going to assign them to a it's then only going to assign them to a very specific calendar based on that very specific calendar based on that very specific calendar based on that specific service that we're offering. We specific service that we're offering. We specific service that we're offering. We can save that task. We can assign it to can save that task. We can assign it to can save that task. We can assign it to an agent. Let's go ahead and we can go an agent. Let's go ahead and we can go an agent. Let's go ahead and we can go and find that one. It's our energy and find that one. It's our energy and find that one. It's our energy resource. We confirm that and we've resource. We confirm that and we've resource. We confirm that and we've created that custom AI task. Okay. Now created that custom AI task. Okay. Now created that custom AI task. Okay. Now let's go back to that resource. I forgot let's go back to that resource. I forgot let's go back to that resource. I forgot what the question was or a business what the question was or a business what the question was or a business property. Okay. So now now we're going property. Okay. So now now we're going property. Okay. So now now we're going to have a business property segment that to have a business property segment that to have a business property segment that we're going to create there as well. we're going to create there as well. we're going to create there as well. Let's go add new. We're going to then go Let's go add new. We're going to then go Let's go add new. We're going to then go ahead and we're going to do the trigger ahead and we're going to do the trigger ahead and we're going to do the trigger name as business property. name as business property. name as business property. And we can say when the lead says they And we can say when the lead says they And we can say when the lead says they have a business property. have a business property. have a business property. Save. And then we're going to tag Save. And then we're going to tag Save. And then we're going to tag business property. business property. business property. And then we're going to go ahead and And then we're going to go ahead and And then we're going to go ahead and we're going to assign the calendar. we're going to assign the calendar. we're going to assign the calendar. Okay, Okay, Okay, I'm gonna update calendar. Then for now, I'm gonna update calendar. Then for now, I'm gonna update calendar. Then for now, we can keep that on, you know, that test we can keep that on, you know, that test we can keep that on, you know, that test calendar there. But let's just presume calendar there. But let's just presume calendar there. But let's just presume that that is a business property that that is a business property that that is a business property calendar. We hit save. We go ahead and calendar. We hit save. We go ahead and calendar. We hit save. We go ahead and we assign that. And then we go to energy we assign that. And then we go to energy we assign that. And then we go to energy resource and then we've now added that resource and then we've now added that resource and then we've now added that as well. Now, there is another couple as well. Now, there is another couple as well. Now, there is another couple tasks that we're going to need here. The tasks that we're going to need here. The tasks that we're going to need here. The first one is going to be making sure we first one is going to be making sure we first one is going to be making sure we have email addresses and phone numbers have email addresses and phone numbers have email addresses and phone numbers because this agent specifically is built because this agent specifically is built because this agent specifically is built for Instagram in inbound DMs. And so if for Instagram in inbound DMs. And so if for Instagram in inbound DMs. And so if someone's mess messaging us on someone's mess messaging us on someone's mess messaging us on Instagram, the only information that the Instagram, the only information that the Instagram, the only information that the CRM can pull on that lead is their CRM can pull on that lead is their CRM can pull on that lead is their Instagram handle. And so if we're going Instagram handle. And so if we're going Instagram handle. And so if we're going ahead and we're booking a call with ahead and we're booking a call with ahead and we're booking a call with them, which is our eventual goal here, them, which is our eventual goal here, them, which is our eventual goal here, we need to get the email address and the we need to get the email address and the we need to get the email address and the phone number from them in order for us phone number from them in order for us phone number from them in order for us to be able to send send over calendar to be able to send send over calendar to be able to send send over calendar invites or we're going to have a show up invites or we're going to have a show up invites or we're going to have a show up rate issue. And so if we hit new AI rate issue. And so if we hit new AI rate issue. And so if we hit new AI tasks, we can set this one as email. tasks, we can set this one as email. tasks, we can set this one as email. Okay? And the rule will be when the lead Okay? And the rule will be when the lead Okay? And the rule will be when the lead sends over their email address. We're sends over their email address. We're sends over their email address. We're going to hit save. We can add the action going to hit save. We can add the action going to hit save. We can add the action as ask AI, step one is going to be as ask AI, step one is going to be as ask AI, step one is going to be extract only the email address from the extract only the email address from the extract only the email address from the conversation. conversation. conversation. And step two is going to be updating a And step two is going to be updating a And step two is going to be updating a standard contact field. and that is standard contact field. and that is standard contact field. and that is going to be emailed. So that is going to going to be emailed. So that is going to going to be emailed. So that is going to be adding an email based on this be adding an email based on this be adding an email based on this extraction of AI, okay, into the CRM, extraction of AI, okay, into the CRM, extraction of AI, okay, into the CRM, okay, and we're going to go ahead and okay, and we're going to go ahead and okay, and we're going to go ahead and save that. Okay, now you will notice save that. Okay, now you will notice save that. Okay, now you will notice that from aski that means we can also that from aski that means we can also that from aski that means we can also extract any other information from the extract any other information from the extract any other information from the conversation as well. So if we wanted to conversation as well. So if we wanted to conversation as well. So if we wanted to create a, you know, a summary of the create a, you know, a summary of the create a, you know, a summary of the conversation and then add a note to the conversation and then add a note to the conversation and then add a note to the lead on the CRM so the sales team can lead on the CRM so the sales team can lead on the CRM so the sales team can see that ahead of the call, we can do see that ahead of the call, we can do see that ahead of the call, we can do all of that as well. Let's not get ahead all of that as well. Let's not get ahead all of that as well. Let's not get ahead of ourselves. Maybe for a future video. of ourselves. Maybe for a future video. of ourselves. Maybe for a future video. If there's anything I've spoken about If there's anything I've spoken about If there's anything I've spoken about today that you want me to talk about in today that you want me to talk about in today that you want me to talk about in the future, then let me know. And if the future, then let me know. And if the future, then let me know. And if you're enjoying these more complicated you're enjoying these more complicated you're enjoying these more complicated builds and you want me to build some builds and you want me to build some builds and you want me to build some more complex flows and show some use more complex flows and show some use more complex flows and show some use cases of what other people are doing cases of what other people are doing cases of what other people are doing here, maybe some of our mentees in one here, maybe some of our mentees in one here, maybe some of our mentees in one of our our agency training programs who of our our agency training programs who of our our agency training programs who are building some really cool stuff, are building some really cool stuff, are building some really cool stuff, then let me know and I'll do more of then let me know and I'll do more of then let me know and I'll do more of this in the future. I enjoy doing this this in the future. I enjoy doing this this in the future. I enjoy doing this stuff. Okay, so another AI task. We want stuff. Okay, so another AI task. We want stuff. Okay, so another AI task. We want the phone number as well. Okay, so let's the phone number as well. Okay, so let's the phone number as well. Okay, so let's do phone. when the lead sends over their do phone. when the lead sends over their do phone. when the lead sends over their phone number. phone number. phone number. Hit save again. We're going to go ahead Hit save again. We're going to go ahead Hit save again. We're going to go ahead and ask the AI. We're going to say and ask the AI. We're going to say and ask the AI. We're going to say extract only the phone number from the extract only the phone number from the extract only the phone number from the conversation. conversation. conversation. And then we're going to go ahead and And then we're going to go ahead and And then we're going to go ahead and we're going to do update standard field we're going to do update standard field we're going to do update standard field and that is going to be phone. And we're and that is going to be phone. And we're and that is going to be phone. And we're going to hit save. We're going to save going to hit save. We're going to save going to hit save. We're going to save that task. we are going to assign it to that task. we are going to assign it to that task. we are going to assign it to the specific agent. You'll notice that the specific agent. You'll notice that the specific agent. You'll notice that we can just tick as many of these agents we can just tick as many of these agents we can just tick as many of these agents as we want. So, if you got multiple as we want. So, if you got multiple as we want. So, if you got multiple agents that these these tasks, these agents that these these tasks, these agents that these these tasks, these actions and triggers apply to, then you actions and triggers apply to, then you actions and triggers apply to, then you can go ahead and you can apply it to as can go ahead and you can apply it to as can go ahead and you can apply it to as many as your of your agents as you want. many as your of your agents as you want. many as your of your agents as you want. Now, when we created this, I didn't Now, when we created this, I didn't Now, when we created this, I didn't actually remember to add a really actually remember to add a really actually remember to add a really important piece here, and that's the important piece here, and that's the important piece here, and that's the actual piece that's going to ask for the actual piece that's going to ask for the actual piece that's going to ask for the phone number in the first place. So, we phone number in the first place. So, we phone number in the first place. So, we want to say important before want to say important before want to say important before booking a call, booking a call, booking a call, just after the lead has just after the lead has just after the lead has um suggested a time they can do, um suggested a time they can do, um suggested a time they can do, ask them for their email address and ask them for their email address and ask them for their email address and phone number so you can send an phone number so you can send an phone number so you can send an invitation. invitation. invitation. And so, we're going to hit save there. And so, we're going to hit save there. And so, we're going to hit save there. We're going to hit save here. And we're We're going to hit save here. And we're We're going to hit save here. And we're going to save anyway and we can go going to save anyway and we can go going to save anyway and we can go ahead. Do we need to do anything else to ahead. Do we need to do anything else to ahead. Do we need to do anything else to launch this test? launch this test? launch this test? Um, I think we're pretty good. So, we Um, I think we're pretty good. So, we Um, I think we're pretty good. So, we can go ahead and save that. Now, the can go ahead and save that. Now, the can go ahead and save that. Now, the final thing we haven't done is actually final thing we haven't done is actually final thing we haven't done is actually connect the inbound agent to the energy connect the inbound agent to the energy connect the inbound agent to the energy one because if someone's sending us an one because if someone's sending us an one because if someone's sending us an inbound message, we want it to either inbound message, we want it to either inbound message, we want it to either establish intent and respond like we've establish intent and respond like we've establish intent and respond like we've got it previously and we tested it's got it previously and we tested it's got it previously and we tested it's going to feed into the knowledge base or going to feed into the knowledge base or going to feed into the knowledge base or we want it to recognize if somebody we want it to recognize if somebody we want it to recognize if somebody wants that lead magnet. And so, in order wants that lead magnet. And so, in order wants that lead magnet. And so, in order for us to do that, the agents need to be for us to do that, the agents need to be for us to do that, the agents need to be able to pass through to each other. able to pass through to each other. able to pass through to each other. Okay, they need to be able to pass leads Okay, they need to be able to pass leads Okay, they need to be able to pass leads from the inbound agent through to the NG from the inbound agent through to the NG from the inbound agent through to the NG resource. And for us to do that, we can resource. And for us to do that, we can resource. And for us to do that, we can do that on an AI task. Okay, we can also do that on an AI task. Okay, we can also do that on an AI task. Okay, we can also do that in the lead configurator, but do that in the lead configurator, but do that in the lead configurator, but we're going to keep this simple because we're going to keep this simple because we're going to keep this simple because we've been doing our tasks. And we're we've been doing our tasks. And we're we've been doing our tasks. And we're going to do uh event going to do uh event going to do uh event energy resource when lead sends the energy resource when lead sends the energy resource when lead sends the keyword energy in a message and only keyword energy in a message and only keyword energy in a message and only when they send this me this keyword when they send this me this keyword when they send this me this keyword alone. Okay, we don't want this just to alone. Okay, we don't want this just to alone. Okay, we don't want this just to trigger. energy is probably a bit of a trigger. energy is probably a bit of a trigger. energy is probably a bit of a bad keyword to do for this this this bad keyword to do for this this this bad keyword to do for this this this specific client um because people are specific client um because people are specific client um because people are going to mention that. Um then we want going to mention that. Um then we want going to mention that. Um then we want to go ahead and we want to update the to go ahead and we want to update the to go ahead and we want to update the agent. Okay. And so we're choosing which agent. Okay. And so we're choosing which agent. Okay. And so we're choosing which agent we want to assign. And then that agent we want to assign. And then that agent we want to assign. And then that one is then going to be the energy one. one is then going to be the energy one. one is then going to be the energy one. We're going to hit save. We're going to We're going to hit save. We're going to We're going to hit save. We're going to save this. We're going to assign to an save this. We're going to assign to an save this. We're going to assign to an agent. We're going to go down. We're agent. We're going to go down. We're agent. We're going to go down. We're going to assign this to the inbound going to assign this to the inbound going to assign this to the inbound agent. We're going to confirm. We're agent. We're going to confirm. We're agent. We're going to confirm. We're going to save that. Okay. So let's test going to save that. Okay. So let's test going to save that. Okay. So let's test this out. Again, we can ignore the the this out. Again, we can ignore the the this out. Again, we can ignore the the initial message. We're going to send an initial message. We're going to send an initial message. We're going to send an inquiry. inquiry. inquiry. What panels are there? And as we know, What panels are there? And as we know, What panels are there? And as we know, this is going to answer the question. this is going to answer the question. this is going to answer the question. Then it's going to ask a qualification Then it's going to ask a qualification Then it's going to ask a qualification question. It's going to then attempt to question. It's going to then attempt to question. It's going to then attempt to set this lead onto the calendar. We've set this lead onto the calendar. We've set this lead onto the calendar. We've already seen that though. So, let's already seen that though. So, let's already seen that though. So, let's restart this. This is the exact same restart this. This is the exact same restart this. This is the exact same agent. Let's send the keyword energy. agent. Let's send the keyword energy. agent. Let's send the keyword energy. And this should through our custom AI And this should through our custom AI And this should through our custom AI task that we've created let the agent task that we've created let the agent task that we've created let the agent know it needs to swap to a different know it needs to swap to a different know it needs to swap to a different agent which is the lead magnet delivery agent which is the lead magnet delivery agent which is the lead magnet delivery agent. It should ask something like are agent. It should ask something like are agent. It should ask something like are you after the energy saving guide right you after the energy saving guide right you after the energy saving guide right now? And this is all from the same now? And this is all from the same now? And this is all from the same initial inbound agent that we created. initial inbound agent that we created. initial inbound agent that we created. So it's dropping us to a different one. So it's dropping us to a different one. So it's dropping us to a different one. There we go. That's worked. Yeah, I am. There we go. That's worked. Yeah, I am. There we go. That's worked. Yeah, I am. And so now it should not send the And so now it should not send the And so now it should not send the resource straight away. It should ask a resource straight away. It should ask a resource straight away. It should ask a qualification question first. So it's qualification question first. So it's qualification question first. So it's dangling the carrot. gives us the dangling the carrot. gives us the dangling the carrot. gives us the opportunity to segment the list first. opportunity to segment the list first. opportunity to segment the list first. Okay, nice one. I'll send the guide over Okay, nice one. I'll send the guide over Okay, nice one. I'll send the guide over in a sec. Perfect. So, we're going to in a sec. Perfect. So, we're going to in a sec. Perfect. So, we're going to send it in a sec, but quick one. Are you send it in a sec, but quick one. Are you send it in a sec, but quick one. Are you the owner of your home or or business the owner of your home or or business the owner of your home or or business property? Yeah, I've had a home for property? Yeah, I've had a home for property? Yeah, I've had a home for seven years. seven years. seven years. And now it should segment, And now it should segment, And now it should segment, which is going to routt us to a which is going to routt us to a which is going to routt us to a different calendar and also ask us a different calendar and also ask us a different calendar and also ask us a qualification question. Amazing. qualification question. Amazing. qualification question. Amazing. Perfect. Thanks for letting me know. Perfect. Thanks for letting me know. Perfect. Thanks for letting me know. Here's that guide. How much are your Here's that guide. How much are your Here's that guide. How much are your average monthly bills right now? average monthly bills right now? average monthly bills right now? 400, 400, 400, which is a lot. which is a lot. which is a lot. And then the final step here is we And then the final step here is we And then the final step here is we should be offered a call. should be offered a call. should be offered a call. Appreciate would you be would you like Appreciate would you be would you like Appreciate would you be would you like to book a quick chat about ways to cut to book a quick chat about ways to cut to book a quick chat about ways to cut those bills? I can offer some times if those bills? I can offer some times if those bills? I can offer some times if you're interested. For sure. Let's do you're interested. For sure. Let's do you're interested. For sure. Let's do it. it. it. And it's going to go ahead and it's And it's going to go ahead and it's And it's going to go ahead and it's going to offer us different times that going to offer us different times that going to offer us different times that we can book in on the calendar with we can book in on the calendar with we can book in on the calendar with this. And this is going to be this. And this is going to be this. And this is going to be specifically for the homeowner calendar specifically for the homeowner calendar specifically for the homeowner calendar because we've asked that qualification because we've asked that qualification because we've asked that qualification question. And we set that action to say question. And we set that action to say question. And we set that action to say if it's homeowner, then route through to if it's homeowner, then route through to if it's homeowner, then route through to a specific calendar. Great. Let's get a specific calendar. Great. Let's get a specific calendar. Great. Let's get you booked in for tomorrow. I can do one you booked in for tomorrow. I can do one you booked in for tomorrow. I can do one or 130. What's best for you? And could or 130. What's best for you? And could or 130. What's best for you? And could you share your email address and phone you share your email address and phone you share your email address and phone number so I can send the invite? Because number so I can send the invite? Because number so I can send the invite? Because again, we're doing this on Instagram. again, we're doing this on Instagram. again, we're doing this on Instagram. and we only have the handle. So, it's and we only have the handle. So, it's and we only have the handle. So, it's really important that we're asking for really important that we're asking for really important that we're asking for the email address and the phone number. the email address and the phone number. the email address and the phone number. When we send them, it'll add that to the When we send them, it'll add that to the When we send them, it'll add that to the CRM system. It will automatically send CRM system. It will automatically send CRM system. It will automatically send the booking. The lead will get all of the booking. The lead will get all of the booking. The lead will get all of the calendar invite. And if they even the calendar invite. And if they even the calendar invite. And if they even came back and said, you know, I can't do came back and said, you know, I can't do came back and said, you know, I can't do this time. I want to reschedu. The bot this time. I want to reschedu. The bot this time. I want to reschedu. The bot will go ahead and it will reschedule will go ahead and it will reschedule will go ahead and it will reschedule that entire process as well. Now, if that entire process as well. Now, if that entire process as well. Now, if you're watching this and thinking this you're watching this and thinking this you're watching this and thinking this applies to your business, I will send applies to your business, I will send applies to your business, I will send you a template package of all of the you a template package of all of the you a template package of all of the agents that I have built today that agents that I have built today that agents that I have built today that you've watched me build that you can you've watched me build that you can you've watched me build that you can load straight into your Pointwise load straight into your Pointwise load straight into your Pointwise account for free immediately. You can account for free immediately. You can account for free immediately. You can set them up and not have to spend the set them up and not have to spend the set them up and not have to spend the time that we went through today. Albeit, time that we went through today. Albeit, time that we went through today. Albeit, it didn't really take us as much time, it didn't really take us as much time, it didn't really take us as much time, did it? To get hold of those, you can did it? To get hold of those, you can did it? To get hold of those, you can comment underneath this video. Let me comment underneath this video. Let me comment underneath this video. Let me know what you're working on right now. know what you're working on right now. know what you're working on right now. I'd love to see what you guys are I'd love to see what you guys are I'd love to see what you guys are working on and who is watching the working on and who is watching the working on and who is watching the content. Smash the like button as well. content. Smash the like button as well. content. Smash the like button as well. And then follow me, Jordan Platin on And then follow me, Jordan Platin on And then follow me, Jordan Platin on Instagram. and DM me the keyword agent Instagram. and DM me the keyword agent Instagram. and DM me the keyword agent one and I will send over that template one and I will send over that template one and I will send over that template package for you. So you can import that package for you. So you can import that package for you. So you can import that and use it for your business or you can and use it for your business or you can and use it for your business or you can sell it to your clients for multiple sell it to your clients for multiple sell it to your clients for multiple thousands on a monthly basis. Okay, thousands on a monthly basis. Okay, thousands on a monthly basis. Okay, that's it for now. Subscribe for more that's it for now. Subscribe for more that's it for now. Subscribe for more and I'll see you soon. Cheers.
