In this video, I'm going to show you how In this video, I'm going to show you how In this video, I'm going to show you how to build an AI agent that can control to build an AI agent that can control to build an AI agent that can control your browser. That means it can go and your browser. That means it can go and your browser. That means it can go and buy something on Amazon. It can book buy something on Amazon. It can book buy something on Amazon. It can book tickets for you or flights, and it can tickets for you or flights, and it can tickets for you or flights, and it can even parse information into a structured even parse information into a structured even parse information into a structured format. This requires very little coding format. This requires very little coding format. This requires very little coding and it's very beginnerfriendly, but we and it's very beginnerfriendly, but we and it's very beginnerfriendly, but we will be using a little bit of Python in will be using a little bit of Python in will be using a little bit of Python in order to get this to work. Now, we're order to get this to work. Now, we're order to get this to work. Now, we're also going to be using a framework here also going to be using a framework here also going to be using a framework here called Browser Use. All of this is free. called Browser Use. All of this is free. called Browser Use. All of this is free. You don't need to pay for anything, and You don't need to pay for anything, and You don't need to pay for anything, and you can use this framework with any LLM. you can use this framework with any LLM. you can use this framework with any LLM. You can run an LLM locally using You can run an LLM locally using You can run an LLM locally using something like Olama or you can pay for something like Olama or you can pay for something like Olama or you can pay for an LLM like Claude or GPT or DeepSeek an LLM like Claude or GPT or DeepSeek an LLM like Claude or GPT or DeepSeek and have that be kind of the controller and have that be kind of the controller and have that be kind of the controller of this browser framework. This is of this browser framework. This is of this browser framework. This is insanely cool. You're going to learn a insanely cool. You're going to learn a insanely cool. You're going to learn a lot. Please stick around. I'm going to lot. Please stick around. I'm going to lot. Please stick around. I'm going to show you exactly how this works and how show you exactly how this works and how show you exactly how this works and how to build it step by step. So, first to build it step by step. So, first to build it step by step. So, first let's just understand what we're going let's just understand what we're going let's just understand what we're going to be using. Now, again, it's called to be using. Now, again, it's called to be using. Now, again, it's called browser use. We can just install it with browser use. We can just install it with browser use. We can just install it with pip. And really what it is is a pip. And really what it is is a pip. And really what it is is a framework that allows an LLM to control framework that allows an LLM to control framework that allows an LLM to control your browser. Now, you can control a your browser. Now, you can control a your browser. Now, you can control a remote browser or you can control a remote browser or you can control a remote browser or you can control a browser on your actual computer. And browser on your actual computer. And browser on your actual computer. And that's where it gets quite powerful that's where it gets quite powerful that's where it gets quite powerful because it can use the existing context because it can use the existing context because it can use the existing context that you have in your browser. So, if that you have in your browser. So, if that you have in your browser. So, if you're already signed into a website, you're already signed into a website, you're already signed into a website, for example, it can just open that up for example, it can just open that up for example, it can just open that up and it can act as if it were you, which and it can act as if it were you, which and it can act as if it were you, which is an issue you have with a lot of the is an issue you have with a lot of the is an issue you have with a lot of the web scraping frameworks that exist out web scraping frameworks that exist out web scraping frameworks that exist out there. There's all kinds of other there. There's all kinds of other there. There's all kinds of other benefits of it. You can see that it benefits of it. You can see that it benefits of it. You can see that it actually performs better than chat GPT actually performs better than chat GPT actually performs better than chat GPT operator. And the best part is it's free operator. And the best part is it's free operator. And the best part is it's free to run locally. Now, they do have some to run locally. Now, they do have some to run locally. Now, they do have some cloud service that you can buy, but cloud service that you can buy, but cloud service that you can buy, but personally, I've never used it or needed personally, I've never used it or needed personally, I've never used it or needed to, so I'm not going to talk about that. to, so I'm not going to talk about that. to, so I'm not going to talk about that. And in terms of the features, you'll see And in terms of the features, you'll see And in terms of the features, you'll see when we start working with it, but what when we start working with it, but what when we start working with it, but what it will do is kind of take like an image it will do is kind of take like an image it will do is kind of take like an image of all of the components that are on the of all of the components that are on the of all of the components that are on the website, as well as scrape the DOM, and website, as well as scrape the DOM, and website, as well as scrape the DOM, and then the LLM will be able to look at all then the LLM will be able to look at all then the LLM will be able to look at all of that and kind of make a decision on of that and kind of make a decision on of that and kind of make a decision on what it should do next. So, it can what it should do next. So, it can what it should do next. So, it can automatically click a button. It can automatically click a button. It can automatically click a button. It can search for a page. It can go back and search for a page. It can go back and search for a page. It can go back and forth. It can open multiple tabs. It's forth. It can open multiple tabs. It's forth. It can open multiple tabs. It's really interesting. And again, I'm going really interesting. And again, I'm going really interesting. And again, I'm going to show you in this video how to build to show you in this video how to build to show you in this video how to build it. So, stay tuned. But first, a quick it. So, stay tuned. But first, a quick it. So, stay tuned. But first, a quick word from our sponsor. If you're in it, word from our sponsor. If you're in it, word from our sponsor. If you're in it, then you know the grind of endless then you know the grind of endless then you know the grind of endless tickets, constant firefighting, and tickets, constant firefighting, and tickets, constant firefighting, and never enough time. But what if AI could never enough time. But what if AI could never enough time. But what if AI could solve that for you? Well, meet the solve that for you? Well, meet the solve that for you? Well, meet the sponsor of today's video, CIS AIDS AI sponsor of today's video, CIS AIDS AI sponsor of today's video, CIS AIDS AI agent builder powered by Agentic AI. agent builder powered by Agentic AI. agent builder powered by Agentic AI. Now, this isn't just another IT tool. Now, this isn't just another IT tool. Now, this isn't just another IT tool. It's an absolute gamecher. And let me It's an absolute gamecher. And let me It's an absolute gamecher. And let me tell you why. With zero coding, you can tell you why. With zero coding, you can tell you why. With zero coding, you can build AI agents that automate repetitive build AI agents that automate repetitive build AI agents that automate repetitive IT tasks like onboarding new employees, IT tasks like onboarding new employees, IT tasks like onboarding new employees, handling software access requests, and handling software access requests, and handling software access requests, and even troubleshooting performance issues. even troubleshooting performance issues. even troubleshooting performance issues. Imagine cutting down hours of work to Imagine cutting down hours of work to Imagine cutting down hours of work to just seconds with a simple chatbot just seconds with a simple chatbot just seconds with a simple chatbot command. Now, your IT team is not meant command. Now, your IT team is not meant command. Now, your IT team is not meant to drown in tickets. And that's why the to drown in tickets. And that's why the to drown in tickets. And that's why the AI agent builder helps you scale AI agent builder helps you scale AI agent builder helps you scale efficiency without adding extra efficiency without adding extra efficiency without adding extra headcount so your IT team can focus on headcount so your IT team can focus on headcount so your IT team can focus on what matters. No more late nights, no what matters. No more late nights, no what matters. No more late nights, no more burnout, just smarter, faster IT more burnout, just smarter, faster IT more burnout, just smarter, faster IT service management. If you want to see service management. If you want to see service management. If you want to see it in action, then click the link below it in action, then click the link below it in action, then click the link below and schedule a demo today. Let the AI and schedule a demo today. Let the AI and schedule a demo today. Let the AI handle the grunt work so that your team handle the grunt work so that your team handle the grunt work so that your team doesn't have to. All right, so let's go doesn't have to. All right, so let's go doesn't have to. All right, so let's go ahead and get started here by setting up ahead and get started here by setting up ahead and get started here by setting up our environment. Now, I just opened the our environment. Now, I just opened the our environment. Now, I just opened the quick start guide here from browser use quick start guide here from browser use quick start guide here from browser use because the docs are quite good. And the because the docs are quite good. And the because the docs are quite good. And the first thing that we need to do is we first thing that we need to do is we first thing that we need to do is we need to install browser use and then need to install browser use and then need to install browser use and then install playright. Now, here it's install playright. Now, here it's install playright. Now, here it's telling you how to use UV to do this. If telling you how to use UV to do this. If telling you how to use UV to do this. If you're not familiar with UV, which I you're not familiar with UV, which I you're not familiar with UV, which I imagine most of you aren't, then imagine most of you aren't, then imagine most of you aren't, then obviously that's going to be difficult obviously that's going to be difficult obviously that's going to be difficult to follow along with. So, I'm going to to follow along with. So, I'm going to to follow along with. So, I'm going to show you a little bit of an easier way show you a little bit of an easier way show you a little bit of an easier way to get it set up. Now, what I'm going to to get it set up. Now, what I'm going to to get it set up. Now, what I'm going to do is open the terminal. Now, you can do is open the terminal. Now, you can do is open the terminal. Now, you can open terminal command prompt depending open terminal command prompt depending open terminal command prompt depending on your operating system. And we're just on your operating system. And we're just on your operating system. And we're just going to type the following command going to type the following command going to type the following command here, which is going to be pip install here, which is going to be pip install here, which is going to be pip install and then browser use. Okay. Now, this and then browser use. Okay. Now, this and then browser use. Okay. Now, this assumes that you have Python installed assumes that you have Python installed assumes that you have Python installed on your system already. If you don't on your system already. If you don't on your system already. If you don't have Python installed, of course, you have Python installed, of course, you have Python installed, of course, you need to install that first. Also, if need to install that first. Also, if need to install that first. Also, if you're on Mac or Linux, then you're you're on Mac or Linux, then you're you're on Mac or Linux, then you're going to want to make this pip 3, going to want to make this pip 3, going to want to make this pip 3, whereas I'm on Windows, so I'm just whereas I'm on Windows, so I'm just whereas I'm on Windows, so I'm just making this pip. Now, some of you always making this pip. Now, some of you always making this pip. Now, some of you always ask me about virtual environments. If ask me about virtual environments. If ask me about virtual environments. If you know about a virtual environment, you know about a virtual environment, you know about a virtual environment, you can go ahead and make one here, you can go ahead and make one here, you can go ahead and make one here, activate it, and install it. But I don't activate it, and install it. But I don't activate it, and install it. But I don't want to bog you down by showing you how want to bog you down by showing you how want to bog you down by showing you how to do that in case anyone gets stuck at to do that in case anyone gets stuck at to do that in case anyone gets stuck at that step. If you have no idea what I'm that step. If you have no idea what I'm that step. If you have no idea what I'm talking about, don't worry. Again, all talking about, don't worry. Again, all talking about, don't worry. Again, all you need to do here is just successfully you need to do here is just successfully you need to do here is just successfully execute this command. pip install execute this command. pip install execute this command. pip install browser use. Now, the browser use is browser use. Now, the browser use is browser use. Now, the browser use is installed. We're going to say playright installed. We're going to say playright installed. We're going to say playright install like this. And when we say install like this. And when we say install like this. And when we say playright install, that's going to playright install, that's going to playright install, that's going to install playright for us. I already have install playright for us. I already have install playright for us. I already have it installed, so I didn't get any it installed, so I didn't get any it installed, so I didn't get any output, but for you guys, you should get output, but for you guys, you should get output, but for you guys, you should get some output saying that it was some output saying that it was some output saying that it was installed. Okay, so that should be installed. Okay, so that should be installed. Okay, so that should be everything that you need. From there, we everything that you need. From there, we everything that you need. From there, we can clear. And then what we're going to can clear. And then what we're going to can clear. And then what we're going to do is just make a new file. Okay, so I'm do is just make a new file. Okay, so I'm do is just make a new file. Okay, so I'm going to make a new file here in going to make a new file here in going to make a new file here in PyCharm. I'm going to call this main.py. PyCharm. I'm going to call this main.py. PyCharm. I'm going to call this main.py. And I've just put this inside of a And I've just put this inside of a And I've just put this inside of a folder that I called AI web scraper and folder that I called AI web scraper and folder that I called AI web scraper and that I spelled incorrectly. You can put that I spelled incorrectly. You can put that I spelled incorrectly. You can put this anywhere that you want. Use any IDE this anywhere that you want. Use any IDE this anywhere that you want. Use any IDE that you want. I'm just using PyCharm that you want. I'm just using PyCharm that you want. I'm just using PyCharm because it's good for these types of because it's good for these types of because it's good for these types of projects. Okay. Now, in terms of projects. Okay. Now, in terms of projects. Okay. Now, in terms of creating an agent, you can see that it creating an agent, you can see that it creating an agent, you can see that it gives us some starter code. So, what I'm gives us some starter code. So, what I'm gives us some starter code. So, what I'm going to do is just copy this code right going to do is just copy this code right going to do is just copy this code right here. However, this isn't going to work here. However, this isn't going to work here. However, this isn't going to work right now because I haven't yet right now because I haven't yet right now because I haven't yet initialized my LLM. So, let me make this initialized my LLM. So, let me make this initialized my LLM. So, let me make this a little bit smaller and talk to you a little bit smaller and talk to you a little bit smaller and talk to you about what I mean by that. So, for about what I mean by that. So, for about what I mean by that. So, for browser use, you're going to have some browser use, you're going to have some browser use, you're going to have some kind of LLM which is going to be running kind of LLM which is going to be running kind of LLM which is going to be running this framework. Browser use allows the this framework. Browser use allows the this framework. Browser use allows the LLM to control the browser. However, you LLM to control the browser. However, you LLM to control the browser. However, you need to provide the LLM or tell it which need to provide the LLM or tell it which need to provide the LLM or tell it which LLM to use. Now, you have a lot of LLM to use. Now, you have a lot of LLM to use. Now, you have a lot of different options here. You can use different options here. You can use different options here. You can use Claude or Entropic. You can use GPT. You Claude or Entropic. You can use GPT. You Claude or Entropic. You can use GPT. You can use DeepSeek, or you can use a local can use DeepSeek, or you can use a local can use DeepSeek, or you can use a local LLM if you really don't want to have any LLM if you really don't want to have any LLM if you really don't want to have any of your information being pushed out to of your information being pushed out to of your information being pushed out to the cloud. Now, if you are interested in the cloud. Now, if you are interested in the cloud. Now, if you are interested in the local LLM setup, I'm going to link the local LLM setup, I'm going to link the local LLM setup, I'm going to link this video in the description. It this video in the description. It this video in the description. It teaches you how to use Olama and set teaches you how to use Olama and set teaches you how to use Olama and set this up on your own computer. Again, this up on your own computer. Again, this up on your own computer. Again, it's from my channel. Once you have Ola it's from my channel. Once you have Ola it's from my channel. Once you have Ola installed, then you can use the Olama installed, then you can use the Olama installed, then you can use the Olama setup steps from the documentation. But setup steps from the documentation. But setup steps from the documentation. But if you don't care and you just want this if you don't care and you just want this if you don't care and you just want this to work as quickly as possible, then to work as quickly as possible, then to work as quickly as possible, then follow along with what I do where I'm follow along with what I do where I'm follow along with what I do where I'm going to get a clawed API key. So what going to get a clawed API key. So what going to get a clawed API key. So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to I'm going to do here is I'm going to I'm going to do here is I'm going to make a new file in the same directory as make a new file in the same directory as make a new file in the same directory as my Python file called env. It's my Python file called env. It's my Python file called env. It's important that you name it that. Inside important that you name it that. Inside important that you name it that. Inside of I'm going to come here and I'm going of I'm going to come here and I'm going of I'm going to come here and I'm going to copy this entropic API key. And then to copy this entropic API key. And then to copy this entropic API key. And then here I'm going to paste my entropic API here I'm going to paste my entropic API here I'm going to paste my entropic API key. Now that's going to require me key. Now that's going to require me key. Now that's going to require me going to Entropic the API console going to Entropic the API console going to Entropic the API console getting the key and pasting it here. Now getting the key and pasting it here. Now getting the key and pasting it here. Now if you want to use a different provider if you want to use a different provider if you want to use a different provider again you can go to the documentation. again you can go to the documentation. again you can go to the documentation. I'm on the supported models page and you I'm on the supported models page and you I'm on the supported models page and you can see if you want to use OpenAI then can see if you want to use OpenAI then can see if you want to use OpenAI then this is the ENV variable that you need. this is the ENV variable that you need. this is the ENV variable that you need. If you want to use Azure this is the uh If you want to use Azure this is the uh If you want to use Azure this is the uh what is it variables that you need. If what is it variables that you need. If what is it variables that you need. If you want to use Gemini this is the you want to use Gemini this is the you want to use Gemini this is the variable that you need. And if you want variable that you need. And if you want variable that you need. And if you want to use a Lama I think if you go all the to use a Lama I think if you go all the to use a Lama I think if you go all the way down here it shows you how to do it way down here it shows you how to do it way down here it shows you how to do it here. You can use chat oama and then here. You can use chat oama and then here. You can use chat oama and then just run it like that. Okay. So, I'm just run it like that. Okay. So, I'm just run it like that. Okay. So, I'm going to go and get my API key and then going to go and get my API key and then going to go and get my API key and then I'll be right back. So, the way you get I'll be right back. So, the way you get I'll be right back. So, the way you get this, by the way, if you want to follow this, by the way, if you want to follow this, by the way, if you want to follow along with me, is you go to along with me, is you go to along with me, is you go to console.andropic.com. Then you simply go console.andropic.com. Then you simply go console.andropic.com. Then you simply go to API keys and then you can make a new to API keys and then you can make a new to API keys and then you can make a new key. So, you can press on create key key. So, you can press on create key key. So, you can press on create key here. Press create key. It's going to here. Press create key. It's going to here. Press create key. It's going to make a new one and then you can copy it. make a new one and then you can copy it. make a new one and then you can copy it. Now, keep in mind this can be a little Now, keep in mind this can be a little Now, keep in mind this can be a little bit expensive depending on how much you bit expensive depending on how much you bit expensive depending on how much you use this framework. So, watch your use this framework. So, watch your use this framework. So, watch your usage. And again, if you really just usage. And again, if you really just usage. And again, if you really just want to run it free and locally, then want to run it free and locally, then want to run it free and locally, then you can use Lama if you have a powerful you can use Lama if you have a powerful you can use Lama if you have a powerful enough computer. So I'm going to press enough computer. So I'm going to press enough computer. So I'm going to press on create key. I'm going make a new one. on create key. I'm going make a new one. on create key. I'm going make a new one. I'm going to call this browser use 2 I'm going to call this browser use 2 I'm going to call this browser use 2 because that's what I'm doing. So because that's what I'm doing. So because that's what I'm doing. So browser use 2. And then I'm going to browser use 2. And then I'm going to browser use 2. And then I'm going to copy this key. Okay. So my key is inside copy this key. Okay. So my key is inside copy this key. Okay. So my key is inside of the environment variable file here. of the environment variable file here. of the environment variable file here. Notice I don't have any quotes or Notice I don't have any quotes or Notice I don't have any quotes or anything surrounding it. And that's anything surrounding it. And that's anything surrounding it. And that's exactly what you need for whatever exactly what you need for whatever exactly what you need for whatever provider that you're using. Once you provider that you're using. Once you provider that you're using. Once you have that inside of here, then you can have that inside of here, then you can have that inside of here, then you can take the sample code again that we take the sample code again that we take the sample code again that we copied from the documentation. And we copied from the documentation. And we copied from the documentation. And we can actually just run this and see if it can actually just run this and see if it can actually just run this and see if it works. But we need to adjust the model. works. But we need to adjust the model. works. But we need to adjust the model. So, we're no longer using OpenAI and So, we're no longer using OpenAI and So, we're no longer using OpenAI and we're using Antropic. Okay. So, I'm just we're using Antropic. Okay. So, I'm just we're using Antropic. Okay. So, I'm just going to copy these lines right here. going to copy these lines right here. going to copy these lines right here. I'm going to just paste this inside of I'm going to just paste this inside of I'm going to just paste this inside of here. I'm just going to move a few here. I'm just going to move a few here. I'm just going to move a few things around. So, these first two things around. So, these first two things around. So, these first two imports we're going to replace with imports we're going to replace with imports we're going to replace with these ones. And now we're using chat and these ones. And now we're using chat and these ones. And now we're using chat and Tropic rather than using chat open AI. Tropic rather than using chat open AI. Tropic rather than using chat open AI. Now, again, I'm just showing you the Now, again, I'm just showing you the Now, again, I'm just showing you the copying and pasting because this is copying and pasting because this is copying and pasting because this is exactly how you would do it if you were exactly how you would do it if you were exactly how you would do it if you were learning from scratch. And now you can learning from scratch. And now you can learning from scratch. And now you can see that your agent is going to be using see that your agent is going to be using see that your agent is going to be using this LLM, which is now the Entropic LLM. this LLM, which is now the Entropic LLM. this LLM, which is now the Entropic LLM. And if we run this code, it should And if we run this code, it should And if we run this code, it should actually open up a new browser for us actually open up a new browser for us actually open up a new browser for us and then start completing this task. and then start completing this task. and then start completing this task. Okay, so what's going to happen by Okay, so what's going to happen by Okay, so what's going to happen by default is it's going to use Google default is it's going to use Google default is it's going to use Google Chrome to complete this. And it's going Chrome to complete this. And it's going Chrome to complete this. And it's going to use something in the background to use something in the background to use something in the background called Playright, which will kind of called Playright, which will kind of called Playright, which will kind of control the Chrome instance. Now, you control the Chrome instance. Now, you control the Chrome instance. Now, you can change the type of browser that can change the type of browser that can change the type of browser that you're using. And there's a lot of you're using. And there's a lot of you're using. And there's a lot of settings you can go through, which I'm settings you can go through, which I'm settings you can go through, which I'm going to show you in a second, but it's going to show you in a second, but it's going to show you in a second, but it's very important that you close any Chrome very important that you close any Chrome very important that you close any Chrome browser instances that you already have browser instances that you already have browser instances that you already have open. So, in my case, I have this open. So, in my case, I have this open. So, in my case, I have this instance. So, I'm just going to make instance. So, I'm just going to make instance. So, I'm just going to make sure that I close this. And if you want sure that I close this. And if you want sure that I close this. And if you want to open some kind of web thing, then to open some kind of web thing, then to open some kind of web thing, then open it in like Edge or a different open it in like Edge or a different open it in like Edge or a different browser in the meantime because if you browser in the meantime because if you browser in the meantime because if you have multiple Chrome browsers open, then have multiple Chrome browsers open, then have multiple Chrome browsers open, then this isn't going to work or you're this isn't going to work or you're this isn't going to work or you're potentially going to get some errors. potentially going to get some errors. potentially going to get some errors. All right, so we're just going to test All right, so we're just going to test All right, so we're just going to test this just to make sure that it works this just to make sure that it works this just to make sure that it works right off the bat and then I will go right off the bat and then I will go right off the bat and then I will go through some more advanced settings. through some more advanced settings. through some more advanced settings. Okay, so we have everything installed. Okay, so we have everything installed. Okay, so we have everything installed. I'm just going to press the run button I'm just going to press the run button I'm just going to press the run button here to run my code. I'm assuming that here to run my code. I'm assuming that here to run my code. I'm assuming that you guys know how to run Python code at you guys know how to run Python code at you guys know how to run Python code at this point and it's going to take a this point and it's going to take a this point and it's going to take a second and it's going to open up the second and it's going to open up the second and it's going to open up the browser. Now, you'll see in the console browser. Now, you'll see in the console browser. Now, you'll see in the console that it's kind of telling us its thought that it's kind of telling us its thought that it's kind of telling us its thought process on what it's actually doing and process on what it's actually doing and process on what it's actually doing and it's visualizing everything that's going it's visualizing everything that's going it's visualizing everything that's going on. So, let's go out of this for one on. So, let's go out of this for one on. So, let's go out of this for one sec. And you can see it wants to compare sec. And you can see it wants to compare sec. And you can see it wants to compare the price. So, it's saying, "Okay, the price. So, it's saying, "Okay, the price. So, it's saying, "Okay, there's no previous actions. We're going there's no previous actions. We're going there's no previous actions. We're going to start the task." And then it's kind to start the task." And then it's kind to start the task." And then it's kind of walking through what it's going to be of walking through what it's going to be of walking through what it's going to be attempting to do here in order to figure attempting to do here in order to figure attempting to do here in order to figure out what the price actually is. So, it out what the price actually is. So, it out what the price actually is. So, it looked up the GPT40 price, found some looked up the GPT40 price, found some looked up the GPT40 price, found some options here with OpenAI, Azure, etc. options here with OpenAI, Azure, etc. options here with OpenAI, Azure, etc. And now it needs to find the price for And now it needs to find the price for And now it needs to find the price for what is the other one? Deepseek. Okay, what is the other one? Deepseek. Okay, what is the other one? Deepseek. Okay, so it's going to go and look at so it's going to go and look at so it's going to go and look at DeepSseek and see if it can figure out DeepSseek and see if it can figure out DeepSseek and see if it can figure out what the pricing model is. And notice what the pricing model is. And notice what the pricing model is. And notice here that it's kind of automating the here that it's kind of automating the here that it's kind of automating the browser. It's clicking through different browser. It's clicking through different browser. It's clicking through different pages. I don't need to tell it how to do pages. I don't need to tell it how to do pages. I don't need to tell it how to do any of this. It's just figuring it out any of this. It's just figuring it out any of this. It's just figuring it out by using the reasoning model. Okay, so by using the reasoning model. Okay, so by using the reasoning model. Okay, so let's pause here. And you can see that let's pause here. And you can see that let's pause here. And you can see that actually failed three times here and actually failed three times here and actually failed three times here and said it could not parse the response. said it could not parse the response. said it could not parse the response. Now, it still gave us some kind of Now, it still gave us some kind of Now, it still gave us some kind of output here that we could go and read output here that we could go and read output here that we could go and read through or that we could print out. Uh through or that we could print out. Uh through or that we could print out. Uh but sometimes it does fail, right? but sometimes it does fail, right? but sometimes it does fail, right? sometimes it's not able to actually sometimes it's not able to actually sometimes it's not able to actually achieve the result and that's just part achieve the result and that's just part achieve the result and that's just part of using this framework. Obviously I of using this framework. Obviously I of using this framework. Obviously I gave it a very vague instruction because gave it a very vague instruction because gave it a very vague instruction because it says compare the price of GP4 to it says compare the price of GP4 to it says compare the price of GP4 to deepsek v3 but we could give it more deepsek v3 but we could give it more deepsek v3 but we could give it more detailed instructions on exactly what we detailed instructions on exactly what we detailed instructions on exactly what we wanted to do and then obviously the wanted to do and then obviously the wanted to do and then obviously the chance of success would be higher. Okay, chance of success would be higher. Okay, chance of success would be higher. Okay, so that's the absolute basics, right? so that's the absolute basics, right? so that's the absolute basics, right? That's how we get this set up. You know, That's how we get this set up. You know, That's how we get this set up. You know, we create our LLM, we create some kind we create our LLM, we create some kind we create our LLM, we create some kind of agent, we say, you know, agent.run. of agent, we say, you know, agent.run. of agent, we say, you know, agent.run. We're running this inside of an We're running this inside of an We're running this inside of an asynchronous function. And then we can asynchronous function. And then we can asynchronous function. And then we can print out the result. But I want to show print out the result. But I want to show print out the result. But I want to show you how we can get this to use our own you how we can get this to use our own you how we can get this to use our own browser context because notice here when browser context because notice here when browser context because notice here when it runs this that it's actually using it runs this that it's actually using it runs this that it's actually using kind of like a fresh Chrome instance, kind of like a fresh Chrome instance, kind of like a fresh Chrome instance, something like an incognito window. And something like an incognito window. And something like an incognito window. And in my case, because I'm in the United in my case, because I'm in the United in my case, because I'm in the United Arab Emirates, you can see that all of Arab Emirates, you can see that all of Arab Emirates, you can see that all of the stuff is Arabic and it's kind of on the stuff is Arabic and it's kind of on the stuff is Arabic and it's kind of on the right hand side of my screen. And the right hand side of my screen. And the right hand side of my screen. And obviously that's not my default Chrome obviously that's not my default Chrome obviously that's not my default Chrome instance. My default Chrome instance instance. My default Chrome instance instance. My default Chrome instance looks different. So if we want to really looks different. So if we want to really looks different. So if we want to really leverage the power of using our own leverage the power of using our own leverage the power of using our own browser, which is the main advantage of browser, which is the main advantage of browser, which is the main advantage of doing this, then we need to change a few doing this, then we need to change a few doing this, then we need to change a few settings. So let me show you how we do settings. So let me show you how we do settings. So let me show you how we do that. So from the documentation here, if that. So from the documentation here, if that. So from the documentation here, if you kind of open up the side menu, you kind of open up the side menu, you kind of open up the side menu, you'll see a few different options. We you'll see a few different options. We you'll see a few different options. We have browser settings and connect to have browser settings and connect to have browser settings and connect to your browser. Now, if you're interested your browser. Now, if you're interested your browser. Now, if you're interested in connecting to a remote browser, then in connecting to a remote browser, then in connecting to a remote browser, then you can check out the browser settings you can check out the browser settings you can check out the browser settings and it shows you how to do that with and it shows you how to do that with and it shows you how to do that with like a WSS URL. But in our case, we want like a WSS URL. But in our case, we want like a WSS URL. But in our case, we want to go to connect to your browser. Okay. to go to connect to your browser. Okay. to go to connect to your browser. Okay. So again, make sure you close all of So again, make sure you close all of So again, make sure you close all of your Chrome instances. And then what your Chrome instances. And then what your Chrome instances. And then what we're going to do is just copy a few we're going to do is just copy a few we're going to do is just copy a few lines here where we specify the Chrome lines here where we specify the Chrome lines here where we specify the Chrome instance path so it knows the executable instance path so it knows the executable instance path so it knows the executable that we should be running. So in order that we should be running. So in order that we should be running. So in order to do this, I'm just going to copy these to do this, I'm just going to copy these to do this, I'm just going to copy these lines. We'll delete what we don't need. lines. We'll delete what we don't need. lines. We'll delete what we don't need. We're going to paste this in here. We We're going to paste this in here. We We're going to paste this in here. We can get rid of this. We can get rid of can get rid of this. We can get rid of can get rid of this. We can get rid of this. We can get rid of this. And then this. We can get rid of this. And then this. We can get rid of this. And then let's take this import and let's just let's take this import and let's just let's take this import and let's just put it up here. Uh, and actually it put it up here. Uh, and actually it put it up here. Uh, and actually it already imported agent. So we can remove already imported agent. So we can remove already imported agent. So we can remove the previous agent import. Let's make the previous agent import. Let's make the previous agent import. Let's make this a little bit larger so you guys can this a little bit larger so you guys can this a little bit larger so you guys can see it. And what we want to do now is see it. And what we want to do now is see it. And what we want to do now is specify the Chrome instance path. Now if specify the Chrome instance path. Now if specify the Chrome instance path. Now if you are on Mac, then you can probably you are on Mac, then you can probably you are on Mac, then you can probably just leave it like this. However, I'm on just leave it like this. However, I'm on just leave it like this. However, I'm on Windows, so I need to change it to the Windows, so I need to change it to the Windows, so I need to change it to the Windows path that it's specifying in the Windows path that it's specifying in the Windows path that it's specifying in the comment. So let's change that here to be comment. So let's change that here to be comment. So let's change that here to be the Windows path. And then same thing the Windows path. And then same thing the Windows path. And then same thing for Linux. It would be this one. Again, for Linux. It would be this one. Again, for Linux. It would be this one. Again, just copy it from the documentation. just copy it from the documentation. just copy it from the documentation. That's exactly what I'm doing. I'm just That's exactly what I'm doing. I'm just That's exactly what I'm doing. I'm just showing you how to do it. And now we showing you how to do it. And now we showing you how to do it. And now we have our browser. Now that we have our have our browser. Now that we have our have our browser. Now that we have our browser, what we can do is we can pass browser, what we can do is we can pass browser, what we can do is we can pass the browser to our agent. So we can say the browser to our agent. So we can say the browser to our agent. So we can say browser is equal to browser. And then browser is equal to browser. And then browser is equal to browser. And then down here we can just say await down here we can just say await down here we can just say await browser.close and it will close that browser.close and it will close that browser.close and it will close that browser instance for us. So it will stop browser instance for us. So it will stop browser instance for us. So it will stop controlling the browser. So now if we controlling the browser. So now if we controlling the browser. So now if we were to run this, it's going to run in were to run this, it's going to run in were to run this, it's going to run in our own browser instance. So we should our own browser instance. So we should our own browser instance. So we should see that it uses my dark mode theme and see that it uses my dark mode theme and see that it uses my dark mode theme and all of those kind of things. So let's all of those kind of things. So let's all of those kind of things. So let's boot it up uh and see if we get that. boot it up uh and see if we get that. boot it up uh and see if we get that. Now, sometimes it will take a second to Now, sometimes it will take a second to Now, sometimes it will take a second to load the browser. So, do be patient. And load the browser. So, do be patient. And load the browser. So, do be patient. And again, if it's not working, make sure again, if it's not working, make sure again, if it's not working, make sure you close all of the previous instances. you close all of the previous instances. you close all of the previous instances. So, here you can see it's using my So, here you can see it's using my So, here you can see it's using my browser. Obviously, I have all of my browser. Obviously, I have all of my browser. Obviously, I have all of my bookmarks. You can see that this is bookmarks. You can see that this is bookmarks. You can see that this is like, you know, unique to me. It's not like, you know, unique to me. It's not like, you know, unique to me. It's not just a random incognito instance. And just a random incognito instance. And just a random incognito instance. And then it will start searching something. then it will start searching something. then it will start searching something. So, it finds a search window. It's going So, it finds a search window. It's going So, it finds a search window. It's going to start searching. We'll take a second. to start searching. We'll take a second. to start searching. We'll take a second. Comes here. Now, I can probably read Comes here. Now, I can probably read Comes here. Now, I can probably read this a little bit easier because it's this a little bit easier because it's this a little bit easier because it's not using the Arabic version of Chrome. not using the Arabic version of Chrome. not using the Arabic version of Chrome. And you get the idea. So I'm going to And you get the idea. So I'm going to And you get the idea. So I'm going to stop running that for right now, but you stop running that for right now, but you stop running that for right now, but you can see that now we're using our own can see that now we're using our own can see that now we're using our own browser. Next, what I want to show you browser. Next, what I want to show you browser. Next, what I want to show you how to do here is how to parse how to do here is how to parse how to do here is how to parse information into a particular format. So information into a particular format. So information into a particular format. So if I just change this task, right, and I if I just change this task, right, and I if I just change this task, right, and I just tell it to go do something, it's just tell it to go do something, it's just tell it to go do something, it's quite good at doing that. I can just quite good at doing that. I can just quite good at doing that. I can just tell it like, you know, go buy me a book tell it like, you know, go buy me a book tell it like, you know, go buy me a book on Amazon, for example, and it probably on Amazon, for example, and it probably on Amazon, for example, and it probably can actually go do that because it will can actually go do that because it will can actually go do that because it will have access to my signedin browser. So have access to my signedin browser. So have access to my signedin browser. So it can just load up Amazon, can find the it can just load up Amazon, can find the it can just load up Amazon, can find the book, and then it can buy it. Now, you book, and then it can buy it. Now, you book, and then it can buy it. Now, you probably want to be careful getting it probably want to be careful getting it probably want to be careful getting it to do something like that, but it can. to do something like that, but it can. to do something like that, but it can. It's very good at just kind of It's very good at just kind of It's very good at just kind of automating and clicking buttons. But a automating and clicking buttons. But a automating and clicking buttons. But a lot of times you want to parse lot of times you want to parse lot of times you want to parse information and you want to grab, for information and you want to grab, for information and you want to grab, for example, like, you know, the five most example, like, you know, the five most example, like, you know, the five most recent Instagram posts or something recent Instagram posts or something recent Instagram posts or something that's kind of difficult to scrape if that's kind of difficult to scrape if that's kind of difficult to scrape if you weren't using an AI framework like you weren't using an AI framework like you weren't using an AI framework like this. So, I want to show you how that this. So, I want to show you how that this. So, I want to show you how that works. And first, let's see how we would works. And first, let's see how we would works. And first, let's see how we would do it if we're just kind of naively do it if we're just kind of naively do it if we're just kind of naively going through this. So, if I were to go going through this. So, if I were to go going through this. So, if I were to go into the task here and say, you know, go into the task here and say, you know, go into the task here and say, you know, go to tech with Tims Instagram and grab the to tech with Tims Instagram and grab the to tech with Tims Instagram and grab the five most recent post captions. Okay, five most recent post captions. Okay, five most recent post captions. Okay, cool. So, that's something that we can cool. So, that's something that we can cool. So, that's something that we can do. So, let's run this and let's see do. So, let's run this and let's see do. So, let's run this and let's see what the output is when we print this what the output is when we print this what the output is when we print this result. Okay, so we can see this result. Okay, so we can see this result. Okay, so we can see this finished running here. It ended up finished running here. It ended up finished running here. It ended up loading on my Instagram and then if we loading on my Instagram and then if we loading on my Instagram and then if we look at it here, it's giving us kind of look at it here, it's giving us kind of look at it here, it's giving us kind of this extracted content, right? So it this extracted content, right? So it this extracted content, right? So it says extracted content and then it has says extracted content and then it has says extracted content and then it has some text that says here are the five some text that says here are the five some text that says here are the five most recent post captions and then it most recent post captions and then it most recent post captions and then it gives us this information. Now if we gives us this information. Now if we gives us this information. Now if we want to access the extracted content want to access the extracted content want to access the extracted content then we could print result dot and then then we could print result dot and then then we could print result dot and then believe it's extracted content and we'd believe it's extracted content and we'd believe it's extracted content and we'd be able to get like this kind of JSON be able to get like this kind of JSON be able to get like this kind of JSON that we're seeing right here. However, that we're seeing right here. However, that we're seeing right here. However, even if we were to get all of this text, even if we were to get all of this text, even if we were to get all of this text, notice that it's in plain language, notice that it's in plain language, notice that it's in plain language, right? Like it's not something that's right? Like it's not something that's right? Like it's not something that's easy for us to pass to a function or use easy for us to pass to a function or use easy for us to pass to a function or use as a parameter. it's not in this as a parameter. it's not in this as a parameter. it's not in this structured format. We want it to be in structured format. We want it to be in structured format. We want it to be in something that's consistent. So, we something that's consistent. So, we something that's consistent. So, we always know what it's going to look like always know what it's going to look like always know what it's going to look like and it will be easy for us to kind of and it will be easy for us to kind of and it will be easy for us to kind of parse through it and grab the parse through it and grab the parse through it and grab the information that we're looking for, information that we're looking for, information that we're looking for, especially if there's a ton of data that especially if there's a ton of data that especially if there's a ton of data that we want. So, first let me show you what we want. So, first let me show you what we want. So, first let me show you what it looks like if we print the extracted it looks like if we print the extracted it looks like if we print the extracted content and then I will show you how we content and then I will show you how we content and then I will show you how we do the structured output. Okay, so I do the structured output. Okay, so I do the structured output. Okay, so I just ran it and you can see that I just ran it and you can see that I just ran it and you can see that I printed the extracted content and this printed the extracted content and this printed the extracted content and this is what it looks like. So, it's a little is what it looks like. So, it's a little is what it looks like. So, it's a little bit messy, right? It's a list. that bit messy, right? It's a list. that bit messy, right? It's a list. that says, you know, input from tech with Tim says, you know, input from tech with Tim says, you know, input from tech with Tim Instagram sent enter key extracted page Instagram sent enter key extracted page Instagram sent enter key extracted page and then it has captions and this is and then it has captions and this is and then it has captions and this is what it extracted from that page. And what it extracted from that page. And what it extracted from that page. And then inside of here we have again like then inside of here we have again like then inside of here we have again like there's all of these new line characters there's all of these new line characters there's all of these new line characters and it's a little bit difficult for me and it's a little bit difficult for me and it's a little bit difficult for me to parse this information and I don't to parse this information and I don't to parse this information and I don't know if this key is always going to be know if this key is always going to be know if this key is always going to be called captions. So I want to adjust called captions. So I want to adjust called captions. So I want to adjust this to use a structured output model so this to use a structured output model so this to use a structured output model so that I always get this in a particular that I always get this in a particular that I always get this in a particular format. Now, while we're here though, I format. Now, while we're here though, I format. Now, while we're here though, I do quickly want to show you that here do quickly want to show you that here do quickly want to show you that here are a few uh methods that you can use to are a few uh methods that you can use to are a few uh methods that you can use to grab information after the agent runs. grab information after the agent runs. grab information after the agent runs. So, you can get screenshots if there was So, you can get screenshots if there was So, you can get screenshots if there was an error, for example, or something. The an error, for example, or something. The an error, for example, or something. The action names, the extracted content, action names, the extracted content, action names, the extracted content, that's what I was showing you. And then that's what I was showing you. And then that's what I was showing you. And then things like the model actions, the things like the model actions, the things like the model actions, the errors, etc. And then there's a few errors, etc. And then there's a few errors, etc. And then there's a few other ones here like model thoughts, other ones here like model thoughts, other ones here like model thoughts, action results, and final result, which action results, and final result, which action results, and final result, which is what we're going to use in 1 second is what we're going to use in 1 second is what we're going to use in 1 second once we start setting up that structured once we start setting up that structured once we start setting up that structured output. So for the structured output, if output. So for the structured output, if output. So for the structured output, if we go here to output format in the we go here to output format in the we go here to output format in the documentation, you can see a simple documentation, you can see a simple documentation, you can see a simple example that's very similar to what example that's very similar to what example that's very similar to what we're going to set up. So let's start we're going to set up. So let's start we're going to set up. So let's start following along with this and writing following along with this and writing following along with this and writing out the code to kind of parse this into out the code to kind of parse this into out the code to kind of parse this into structured output. So first we're going structured output. So first we're going structured output. So first we're going to need to import pyantic. So we can say to need to import pyantic. So we can say to need to import pyantic. So we can say from pyantic import the base model. And from pyantic import the base model. And from pyantic import the base model. And then we can bring in some classes. So then we can bring in some classes. So then we can bring in some classes. So we're going to say class post. Okay, we're going to say class post. Okay, we're going to say class post. Okay, this is going to inherit from the base this is going to inherit from the base this is going to inherit from the base model from pyantic. It's not going to be model from pyantic. It's not going to be model from pyantic. It's not going to be the same as this. It will be a bit the same as this. It will be a bit the same as this. It will be a bit different. So we'll just say something different. So we'll just say something different. So we'll just say something like the caption is a string and then we like the caption is a string and then we like the caption is a string and then we will say the URL is a string as well. will say the URL is a string as well. will say the URL is a string as well. And for now we'll just get two pieces of And for now we'll just get two pieces of And for now we'll just get two pieces of information but of course we could information but of course we could information but of course we could extract as much complex data as we want. extract as much complex data as we want. extract as much complex data as we want. I'm then going to say class post like I'm then going to say class post like I'm then going to say class post like this again inherit from the base model this again inherit from the base model this again inherit from the base model and then I'm going to say my posts is a and then I'm going to say my posts is a and then I'm going to say my posts is a list of post. Now you'll see that list list of post. Now you'll see that list list of post. Now you'll see that list is being highlighted red and that's is being highlighted red and that's is being highlighted red and that's because I need to say from because I need to say from because I need to say from typing import list like this and when I typing import list like this and when I typing import list like this and when I import list uh now that will work. Okay. import list uh now that will work. Okay. import list uh now that will work. Okay. So now I have my paidantic models and So now I have my paidantic models and So now I have my paidantic models and what I need to do is I need to tell the what I need to do is I need to tell the what I need to do is I need to tell the model to use these in the output format. model to use these in the output format. model to use these in the output format. Now in order to do that I need to use a Now in order to do that I need to use a Now in order to do that I need to use a controller. So I need to import the controller. So I need to import the controller. So I need to import the controller from browser use. So from controller from browser use. So from controller from browser use. So from browser use import controller. Then I'm browser use import controller. Then I'm browser use import controller. Then I'm going to say my controller is equal to a going to say my controller is equal to a going to say my controller is equal to a controller and I'm going to say the controller and I'm going to say the controller and I'm going to say the output just like it has in the output just like it has in the output just like it has in the documentation here. The output model is documentation here. The output model is documentation here. The output model is equal to post. Okay, so we have two equal to post. Okay, so we have two equal to post. Okay, so we have two classes. One for an individual post, one classes. One for an individual post, one classes. One for an individual post, one for having multiple posts. So in this for having multiple posts. So in this for having multiple posts. So in this case, you know, posts, we could have case, you know, posts, we could have case, you know, posts, we could have multiple things here if we want. We tell multiple things here if we want. We tell multiple things here if we want. We tell it, hey, we want to output the parsed it, hey, we want to output the parsed it, hey, we want to output the parsed information from our web scraping information from our web scraping information from our web scraping session into this particular output session into this particular output session into this particular output model. And then I need to pass the model. And then I need to pass the model. And then I need to pass the controller to my agent. So I'm going to controller to my agent. So I'm going to controller to my agent. So I'm going to say controller is equal to controller. say controller is equal to controller. say controller is equal to controller. Okay. Now that I do that, I'm going to Okay. Now that I do that, I'm going to Okay. Now that I do that, I'm going to change this to rather than be printing change this to rather than be printing change this to rather than be printing the extracted content, I'm going to the extracted content, I'm going to the extracted content, I'm going to print the final result. And when I print print the final result. And when I print print the final result. And when I print the final result, we should get these the final result, we should get these the final result, we should get these pidantic objects or we should get a pidantic objects or we should get a pidantic objects or we should get a pidantic object with posts. And then pidantic object with posts. And then pidantic object with posts. And then inside of there, we should have all of inside of there, we should have all of inside of there, we should have all of these post objects. So let's run this these post objects. So let's run this these post objects. So let's run this and see if it works. We're going to go and see if it works. We're going to go and see if it works. We're going to go here and run. Okay, so it just finished here and run. Okay, so it just finished here and run. Okay, so it just finished running. And you can see now that we get running. And you can see now that we get running. And you can see now that we get the expected result. We have posts, we the expected result. We have posts, we the expected result. We have posts, we have a list, and then for all of the have a list, and then for all of the have a list, and then for all of the lists, we have a caption and we have a lists, we have a caption and we have a lists, we have a caption and we have a URL. Now, the URL is incorrect for these URL. Now, the URL is incorrect for these URL. Now, the URL is incorrect for these posts. Obviously, it did something posts. Obviously, it did something posts. Obviously, it did something wrong. Previously, when I was doing wrong. Previously, when I was doing wrong. Previously, when I was doing this, it was working properly. But this, it was working properly. But this, it was working properly. But either way, at least we get the output either way, at least we get the output either way, at least we get the output format that we were looking for. So now, format that we were looking for. So now, format that we were looking for. So now, if I wanted to start using this in like if I wanted to start using this in like if I wanted to start using this in like maybe a later step of my code, I would maybe a later step of my code, I would maybe a later step of my code, I would take my final result. So, right, so I take my final result. So, right, so I take my final result. So, right, so I would say, you know, my data is equal to would say, you know, my data is equal to would say, you know, my data is equal to result.final result. I can kind of copy result.final result. I can kind of copy result.final result. I can kind of copy what we have in the documentation here. what we have in the documentation here. what we have in the documentation here. So I can say you know parsed post is So I can say you know parsed post is So I can say you know parsed post is equal to post domodel uh validate JSON equal to post domodel uh validate JSON equal to post domodel uh validate JSON data. Now what this method does is it data. Now what this method does is it data. Now what this method does is it converts the JSON which is what we're converts the JSON which is what we're converts the JSON which is what we're getting here right. So like it looks getting here right. So like it looks getting here right. So like it looks like a JSON object into the correct like a JSON object into the correct like a JSON object into the correct Python object. So internally we can now Python object. So internally we can now Python object. So internally we can now use this Python object. Okay. So from use this Python object. Okay. So from use this Python object. Okay. So from here we could say something like parsed. here we could say something like parsed. here we could say something like parsed. posts and then this is going to give us posts and then this is going to give us posts and then this is going to give us all of the posts and then we could grab all of the posts and then we could grab all of the posts and then we could grab the first post and we could get the the first post and we could get the the first post and we could get the caption or something and we can start caption or something and we can start caption or something and we can start using this like normal Python object and using this like normal Python object and using this like normal Python object and kind of passing it to various other kind of passing it to various other kind of passing it to various other parts of our code. Okay, so that's it parts of our code. Okay, so that's it parts of our code. Okay, so that's it for parsing it into that structured for parsing it into that structured for parsing it into that structured format. Very useful, something you want format. Very useful, something you want format. Very useful, something you want to do a lot when you're web scraping. to do a lot when you're web scraping. to do a lot when you're web scraping. Now I want to show you a few little kind Now I want to show you a few little kind Now I want to show you a few little kind of tips and tricks that can make this a of tips and tricks that can make this a of tips and tricks that can make this a little bit faster and that you little bit faster and that you little bit faster and that you definitely want to know about. So first definitely want to know about. So first definitely want to know about. So first useful thing is the initial actions. useful thing is the initial actions. useful thing is the initial actions. Now, sometimes you want the agent to Now, sometimes you want the agent to Now, sometimes you want the agent to just immediately skip over some steps just immediately skip over some steps just immediately skip over some steps and go directly to a page or do and go directly to a page or do and go directly to a page or do something predefined. So, in this case, something predefined. So, in this case, something predefined. So, in this case, you know, they're giving the example you know, they're giving the example you know, they're giving the example going to Wikipedia and scrolling down so going to Wikipedia and scrolling down so going to Wikipedia and scrolling down so it automatically loads the page. So, it automatically loads the page. So, it automatically loads the page. So, you're skipping a few steps that the LLM you're skipping a few steps that the LLM you're skipping a few steps that the LLM would have to figure out and making this would have to figure out and making this would have to figure out and making this just cheaper and faster to run. So, in just cheaper and faster to run. So, in just cheaper and faster to run. So, in our case, what we could do is we could our case, what we could do is we could our case, what we could do is we could set up some initial actions that say, set up some initial actions that say, set up some initial actions that say, "Hey, just go to Instagram, like go to "Hey, just go to Instagram, like go to "Hey, just go to Instagram, like go to Tech with Tim's Instagram because we Tech with Tim's Instagram because we Tech with Tim's Instagram because we know that's what you want to do every know that's what you want to do every know that's what you want to do every single time anyways." And then from single time anyways." And then from single time anyways." And then from there, you can kind of run the uh what there, you can kind of run the uh what there, you can kind of run the uh what do you what do you call it? Automated do you what do you call it? Automated do you what do you call it? Automated script. So what is the URL for my script. So what is the URL for my script. So what is the URL for my Instagram? It's going to be instagram.com/tech_with_tim or instagram.com/tech_with_tim or instagram.com/tech_with_tim or something. Okay, so I believe that's something. Okay, so I believe that's something. Okay, so I believe that's probably the URL. So that's our initial probably the URL. So that's our initial probably the URL. So that's our initial actions. And then we can just pass to actions. And then we can just pass to actions. And then we can just pass to the agent here. Initial actions is equal the agent here. Initial actions is equal the agent here. Initial actions is equal to the initial actions. And then it's to the initial actions. And then it's to the initial actions. And then it's just going to do that, right? So now it just going to do that, right? So now it just going to do that, right? So now it doesn't need to think about that. It doesn't need to think about that. It doesn't need to think about that. It should just automatically go to that should just automatically go to that should just automatically go to that page. Let's run it and test that out page. Let's run it and test that out page. Let's run it and test that out quickly and make sure that works and quickly and make sure that works and quickly and make sure that works and then we'll move on to the next one. then we'll move on to the next one. then we'll move on to the next one. Okay, so here you go. I know it wasn't Okay, so here you go. I know it wasn't Okay, so here you go. I know it wasn't shown on screen, but it just immediately shown on screen, but it just immediately shown on screen, but it just immediately went here to Tech with Tim and then it went here to Tech with Tim and then it went here to Tech with Tim and then it can start kind of continuing with the can start kind of continuing with the can start kind of continuing with the rest of the steps. Okay, so that's the rest of the steps. Okay, so that's the rest of the steps. Okay, so that's the first thing that I want to show you. The first thing that I want to show you. The first thing that I want to show you. The next thing I want to show you is next thing I want to show you is next thing I want to show you is sensitive data. So if you need to sensitive data. So if you need to sensitive data. So if you need to actually give some passwords or some actually give some passwords or some actually give some passwords or some information or an API key or something information or an API key or something information or an API key or something to browser use, you want it to be able to browser use, you want it to be able to browser use, you want it to be able to use this in your own browser locally, to use this in your own browser locally, to use this in your own browser locally, but you probably don't want this data to but you probably don't want this data to but you probably don't want this data to be passed to the LLM, right? You don't be passed to the LLM, right? You don't be passed to the LLM, right? You don't want the LLM that's not running locally want the LLM that's not running locally want the LLM that's not running locally on your computer to be able to use this on your computer to be able to use this on your computer to be able to use this information. So like it's showing us in information. So like it's showing us in information. So like it's showing us in this example here, we can have something this example here, we can have something this example here, we can have something like some sensitive data and then we can like some sensitive data and then we can like some sensitive data and then we can just pass sensitive data here. So just pass sensitive data here. So just pass sensitive data here. So sensitive data is equal to our sensitive sensitive data is equal to our sensitive sensitive data is equal to our sensitive data. And it now will be able to use the data. And it now will be able to use the data. And it now will be able to use the X username and the X password. For X username and the X password. For X username and the X password. For example, if we were signing into example, if we were signing into example, if we were signing into Twitter/X and it will not actually pass Twitter/X and it will not actually pass Twitter/X and it will not actually pass these values to the LLM, it will only these values to the LLM, it will only these values to the LLM, it will only pass the name of these values. So the pass the name of these values. So the pass the name of these values. So the LLM would tell browser use, hey, I want LLM would tell browser use, hey, I want LLM would tell browser use, hey, I want to use the X password in this particular to use the X password in this particular to use the X password in this particular field, but it wouldn't actually know field, but it wouldn't actually know field, but it wouldn't actually know what the X password is. So it's kind of what the X password is. So it's kind of what the X password is. So it's kind of like an environment variable or like a like an environment variable or like a like an environment variable or like a placeholder that actually gets passed to placeholder that actually gets passed to placeholder that actually gets passed to the LLM that's running in the the LLM that's running in the the LLM that's running in the background. And you can see here that background. And you can see here that background. And you can see here that the model only ever sees Xname and X the model only ever sees Xname and X the model only ever sees Xname and X password. It won't actually know what password. It won't actually know what password. It won't actually know what the the password is. So you're not, you the the password is. So you're not, you the the password is. So you're not, you know, leaking your password or your know, leaking your password or your know, leaking your password or your credentials to the LLM. Now, if you credentials to the LLM. Now, if you credentials to the LLM. Now, if you trust that, great. If you don't, I mean, trust that, great. If you don't, I mean, trust that, great. If you don't, I mean, is what it is. You probably just want to is what it is. You probably just want to is what it is. You probably just want to run the entire thing locally for run the entire thing locally for run the entire thing locally for yourself. But I thought that was yourself. But I thought that was yourself. But I thought that was interesting and something worth noting interesting and something worth noting interesting and something worth noting because you could, for example, tell because you could, for example, tell because you could, for example, tell this like, you know, here's my username this like, you know, here's my username this like, you know, here's my username and password. Go sign into this page and and password. Go sign into this page and and password. Go sign into this page and then go do this XYZ thing. Okay, so then go do this XYZ thing. Okay, so then go do this XYZ thing. Okay, so that's pretty much it, guys. Obviously, that's pretty much it, guys. Obviously, that's pretty much it, guys. Obviously, there's a lot more stuff that you can do there's a lot more stuff that you can do there's a lot more stuff that you can do here. I highly recommend that you look here. I highly recommend that you look here. I highly recommend that you look at the documentation. That's why I at the documentation. That's why I at the documentation. That's why I popped it up for this video because it popped it up for this video because it popped it up for this video because it is very useful and that's exactly how I is very useful and that's exactly how I is very useful and that's exactly how I learned how to do all of these things. learned how to do all of these things. learned how to do all of these things. If you enjoyed the video, make sure that If you enjoyed the video, make sure that If you enjoyed the video, make sure that you leave a like, subscribe to the you leave a like, subscribe to the you leave a like, subscribe to the channel, and I will see you in the next channel, and I will see you in the next channel, and I will see you in the next one. one. one. [Music]
