Hey there everyone. How's it going? Um I Hey there everyone. How's it going? Um I Hey there everyone. How's it going? Um I I guess before I get started I'll say I guess before I get started I'll say I guess before I get started I'll say that it's it's kind of a small session. that it's it's kind of a small session. that it's it's kind of a small session. So if anyone has any questions during So if anyone has any questions during So if anyone has any questions during this like feel free just to shout them this like feel free just to shout them this like feel free just to shout them out. I actually prefer to be interrupted out. I actually prefer to be interrupted out. I actually prefer to be interrupted during my talks. So if anything doesn't during my talks. So if anything doesn't during my talks. So if anything doesn't quite make sense or you'd like to share quite make sense or you'd like to share quite make sense or you'd like to share a comment like please feel free to weigh a comment like please feel free to weigh a comment like please feel free to weigh in. Um but yeah thanks so much for the in. Um but yeah thanks so much for the in. Um but yeah thanks so much for the introduction. I'm Mike Merrill. I'm a introduction. I'm Mike Merrill. I'm a introduction. I'm Mike Merrill. I'm a postoc at Stanford and I'm gonna be postoc at Stanford and I'm gonna be postoc at Stanford and I'm gonna be talking a little bit about our project talking a little bit about our project talking a little bit about our project terminal bench which is a hard benchmark terminal bench which is a hard benchmark terminal bench which is a hard benchmark for language models as agents in for language models as agents in for language models as agents in realistic terminal environments. realistic terminal environments. realistic terminal environments. And so I'm going to kind of break this And so I'm going to kind of break this And so I'm going to kind of break this talk down into two parts. In the first talk down into two parts. In the first talk down into two parts. In the first I'll talk a little bit about why I work I'll talk a little bit about why I work I'll talk a little bit about why I work on evaluation and why I think this is a on evaluation and why I think this is a on evaluation and why I think this is a very exciting time to do that. And then very exciting time to do that. And then very exciting time to do that. And then in the second part I'll talk about in the second part I'll talk about in the second part I'll talk about terminal bench which is our project and terminal bench which is our project and terminal bench which is our project and a frontier benchmark for agents and uh a frontier benchmark for agents and uh a frontier benchmark for agents and uh what's next for that project and what what's next for that project and what what's next for that project and what we're planning on working on. So why uh we're planning on working on. So why uh we're planning on working on. So why uh why should we work on evals right now? I why should we work on evals right now? I why should we work on evals right now? I I think in part because this is really I think in part because this is really I think in part because this is really just a very exciting time for them. Um, just a very exciting time for them. Um, just a very exciting time for them. Um, if you look back into ancient history of if you look back into ancient history of if you look back into ancient history of four years ago, language model four years ago, language model four years ago, language model evaluations were very much focused on evaluations were very much focused on evaluations were very much focused on what does a language model know. So most what does a language model know. So most what does a language model know. So most popular benchmarks at the time directly popular benchmarks at the time directly popular benchmarks at the time directly compared inputs and outputs in multiple compared inputs and outputs in multiple compared inputs and outputs in multiple choice style evaluations. A great choice style evaluations. A great choice style evaluations. A great example of this is MMLU, which was one example of this is MMLU, which was one example of this is MMLU, which was one of the frontier benchmarks for language of the frontier benchmarks for language of the frontier benchmarks for language models for a number of years. Um, and models for a number of years. Um, and models for a number of years. Um, and these evaluations had very well- these evaluations had very well- these evaluations had very well- definfined criteria. It was like taking definfined criteria. It was like taking definfined criteria. It was like taking a test in school. So you had a multiple a test in school. So you had a multiple a test in school. So you had a multiple choice question, you had one question choice question, you had one question choice question, you had one question that was right, and they were very easy that was right, and they were very easy that was right, and they were very easy to score and like nicely specified. And to score and like nicely specified. And to score and like nicely specified. And these were all single turn evaluations. these were all single turn evaluations. these were all single turn evaluations. So only looking at inputs and outputs of So only looking at inputs and outputs of So only looking at inputs and outputs of language models in these static language models in these static language models in these static environments. environments. environments. You can contrast that to what we have You can contrast that to what we have You can contrast that to what we have today, which is much more of an emphasis today, which is much more of an emphasis today, which is much more of an emphasis on what can AI actually do? uh what are on what can AI actually do? uh what are on what can AI actually do? uh what are the valuable actions that it can take in the valuable actions that it can take in the valuable actions that it can take in the economy and and work that can be the economy and and work that can be the economy and and work that can be performed by a language model and I performed by a language model and I performed by a language model and I think one of the best examples of this think one of the best examples of this think one of the best examples of this is the benchmark SWEBench which I'm I'm is the benchmark SWEBench which I'm I'm is the benchmark SWEBench which I'm I'm sure many of you have heard of which sure many of you have heard of which sure many of you have heard of which focuses on whether or not language focuses on whether or not language focuses on whether or not language models and agents can resolve GitHub models and agents can resolve GitHub models and agents can resolve GitHub issues um given a description of an issues um given a description of an issues um given a description of an issue and a set of unit tests can the issue and a set of unit tests can the issue and a set of unit tests can the agent get all of those tests to pass agent get all of those tests to pass agent get all of those tests to pass inside uh inside the environment and inside uh inside the environment and inside uh inside the environment and this is very different in contrast with this is very different in contrast with this is very different in contrast with traditional language model eval traditional language model eval traditional language model eval Instead of looking at just inputs and Instead of looking at just inputs and Instead of looking at just inputs and outputs, we're comparing actions. Uh we outputs, we're comparing actions. Uh we outputs, we're comparing actions. Uh we have language models operating in this have language models operating in this have language models operating in this the interactive multi-turn environment the interactive multi-turn environment the interactive multi-turn environment where it can use tools. It can scroll where it can use tools. It can scroll where it can use tools. It can scroll through the repo. It can maybe query the through the repo. It can maybe query the through the repo. It can maybe query the web for outside information to help it web for outside information to help it web for outside information to help it solve its problems. And we are solve its problems. And we are solve its problems. And we are evaluating language models in these much evaluating language models in these much evaluating language models in these much more dynamic interesting environments more dynamic interesting environments more dynamic interesting environments than we were just a few years ago. than we were just a few years ago. than we were just a few years ago. And I I think this is particularly And I I think this is particularly And I I think this is particularly exciting when you consider that exciting when you consider that exciting when you consider that empirical research shows that the time empirical research shows that the time empirical research shows that the time horizon that language models and agents horizon that language models and agents horizon that language models and agents can operate on is getting longer and can operate on is getting longer and can operate on is getting longer and longer and longer. So this is a great longer and longer. So this is a great longer and longer. So this is a great plot for meter and on the x-axis here we plot for meter and on the x-axis here we plot for meter and on the x-axis here we have the release date of a language have the release date of a language have the release date of a language model and on the y-axis we have the model and on the y-axis we have the model and on the y-axis we have the duration of the tasks that these agents duration of the tasks that these agents duration of the tasks that these agents are able to accomplish. And so we see are able to accomplish. And so we see are able to accomplish. And so we see going back as little as two years ago, going back as little as two years ago, going back as little as two years ago, we have models like GPT4 that struggle we have models like GPT4 that struggle we have models like GPT4 that struggle to accomplish tasks that take on the to accomplish tasks that take on the to accomplish tasks that take on the order of a few minutes and are only able order of a few minutes and are only able order of a few minutes and are only able to do things like find facts on the to do things like find facts on the to do things like find facts on the internet. And then as you push forward internet. And then as you push forward internet. And then as you push forward just two years, you get into this regime just two years, you get into this regime just two years, you get into this regime over here on the right where we have over here on the right where we have over here on the right where we have GPT5 and Gro 4 that are able to GPT5 and Gro 4 that are able to GPT5 and Gro 4 that are able to autonomously perform tasks that take autonomously perform tasks that take autonomously perform tasks that take hours. Um, and these are things like, hours. Um, and these are things like, hours. Um, and these are things like, you know, exploiting a buffer overflow you know, exploiting a buffer overflow you know, exploiting a buffer overflow or scraping records from a website by or scraping records from a website by or scraping records from a website by bypassing its bot protection. And like bypassing its bot protection. And like bypassing its bot protection. And like we're starting to see agents and we're starting to see agents and we're starting to see agents and language models be able to perform the language models be able to perform the language models be able to perform the types of real tasks that humans do in types of real tasks that humans do in types of real tasks that humans do in the economy. Uh, which is very exciting. the economy. Uh, which is very exciting. the economy. Uh, which is very exciting. And so I if we're if we're in this And so I if we're if we're in this And so I if we're if we're in this regime, this means that in order to regime, this means that in order to regime, this means that in order to understand frontier language model understand frontier language model understand frontier language model capabilities, we also need increasingly capabilities, we also need increasingly capabilities, we also need increasingly complex long horizon benchmarks. The complex long horizon benchmarks. The complex long horizon benchmarks. The tasks that took just a few minutes to tasks that took just a few minutes to tasks that took just a few minutes to specify and to verify are saturated for specify and to verify are saturated for specify and to verify are saturated for language models. And we need more tasks language models. And we need more tasks language models. And we need more tasks that exist on this frontier, like that exist on this frontier, like that exist on this frontier, like exploiting a buffer overflow in order to exploiting a buffer overflow in order to exploiting a buffer overflow in order to measure the capabilities of these measure the capabilities of these measure the capabilities of these models. So it's a very exciting time to models. So it's a very exciting time to models. So it's a very exciting time to build benchmarks because we're changing build benchmarks because we're changing build benchmarks because we're changing both the way that we evaluate models by both the way that we evaluate models by both the way that we evaluate models by going from these static benchmarks like going from these static benchmarks like going from these static benchmarks like MMLU to SWU agent and we're also in MMLU to SWU agent and we're also in MMLU to SWU agent and we're also in serious need of benchmarks that allow us serious need of benchmarks that allow us serious need of benchmarks that allow us to understand the capabilities of to understand the capabilities of to understand the capabilities of frontier language models. frontier language models. frontier language models. Um and so this is where this is where Um and so this is where this is where Um and so this is where this is where Terminal Bench comes in. And I guess Terminal Bench comes in. And I guess Terminal Bench comes in. And I guess I'll take you a little bit back to my I'll take you a little bit back to my I'll take you a little bit back to my thinking and the thinking of my thinking and the thinking of my thinking and the thinking of my colleagues a few months ago to give a colleagues a few months ago to give a colleagues a few months ago to give a little bit of motivation for why we little bit of motivation for why we little bit of motivation for why we thought that understanding how well thought that understanding how well thought that understanding how well language models could perform tasks in language models could perform tasks in language models could perform tasks in the terminal would be an interesting the terminal would be an interesting the terminal would be an interesting thing to work on. Um so the terminal is thing to work on. Um so the terminal is thing to work on. Um so the terminal is a great interface for language models a great interface for language models a great interface for language models and computers. It's textbased meaning and computers. It's textbased meaning and computers. It's textbased meaning that it's the modality that still works that it's the modality that still works that it's the modality that still works the best with language models. It the best with language models. It the best with language models. It doesn't rely on guies or computer vision doesn't rely on guies or computer vision doesn't rely on guies or computer vision in order to interpret what a computer is in order to interpret what a computer is in order to interpret what a computer is doing. It can just jack directly into doing. It can just jack directly into doing. It can just jack directly into the terminal and accomplish real work. the terminal and accomplish real work. the terminal and accomplish real work. It's incredibly powerful. You know, the It's incredibly powerful. You know, the It's incredibly powerful. You know, the the terminal is the testing ground of the terminal is the testing ground of the terminal is the testing ground of all these stories that you hear about uh all these stories that you hear about uh all these stories that you hear about uh legendary engineers who never take their legendary engineers who never take their legendary engineers who never take their fingers off the keyboard and do fingers off the keyboard and do fingers off the keyboard and do everything in Vim and Emacs. And so we everything in Vim and Emacs. And so we everything in Vim and Emacs. And so we know that the terminal can be used to do know that the terminal can be used to do know that the terminal can be used to do almost any task on a computer with just almost any task on a computer with just almost any task on a computer with just one tool. And the terminal is highly one tool. And the terminal is highly one tool. And the terminal is highly valuable. It's used by experts in valuable. It's used by experts in valuable. It's used by experts in countless domains to do real tasks that countless domains to do real tasks that countless domains to do real tasks that are inherently valuable. Uh you know, are inherently valuable. Uh you know, are inherently valuable. Uh you know, not just systems administrators and not just systems administrators and not just systems administrators and software engineers, but also scientists software engineers, but also scientists software engineers, but also scientists um and AI researchers. And so being able um and AI researchers. And so being able um and AI researchers. And so being able to do real work in a terminal based to do real work in a terminal based to do real work in a terminal based environment could translate to these environment could translate to these environment could translate to these frontier tasks that we care about when frontier tasks that we care about when frontier tasks that we care about when we're evaluating language model we're evaluating language model we're evaluating language model performance. And I think maybe one of performance. And I think maybe one of performance. And I think maybe one of the best ways to explain why this is so the best ways to explain why this is so the best ways to explain why this is so interesting is to look at a motivating interesting is to look at a motivating interesting is to look at a motivating example. So we all know that it's a example. So we all know that it's a example. So we all know that it's a great tool and we see this even with our great tool and we see this even with our great tool and we see this even with our best engineers. So, if you've ever tried best engineers. So, if you've ever tried best engineers. So, if you've ever tried to configure an AWS instance by using to configure an AWS instance by using to configure an AWS instance by using the guey, you know that it's a it's it's the guey, you know that it's a it's it's the guey, you know that it's a it's it's a pretty cumbersome process. You're a pretty cumbersome process. You're a pretty cumbersome process. You're clicking through dozens of menus. Uh clicking through dozens of menus. Uh clicking through dozens of menus. Uh you're trying to get your right storage you're trying to get your right storage you're trying to get your right storage equipped to your instance. You're trying equipped to your instance. You're trying equipped to your instance. You're trying to configure your security uh your your to configure your security uh your your to configure your security uh your your keys. You're um trying to figure out keys. You're um trying to figure out keys. You're um trying to figure out which instance you want to provision. which instance you want to provision. which instance you want to provision. And it's a process that's like not And it's a process that's like not And it's a process that's like not exactly intuitive and could take quite a exactly intuitive and could take quite a exactly intuitive and could take quite a bit of time even for someone who's bit of time even for someone who's bit of time even for someone who's relatively experienced using these relatively experienced using these relatively experienced using these tools. In comparison, there's just a tools. In comparison, there's just a tools. In comparison, there's just a single CLI tool that can be called to single CLI tool that can be called to single CLI tool that can be called to accomplish this same action. And if we accomplish this same action. And if we accomplish this same action. And if we knew what exactly this tool was and were knew what exactly this tool was and were knew what exactly this tool was and were able to remember it off the top of our able to remember it off the top of our able to remember it off the top of our heads, then we'd be able to accomplish heads, then we'd be able to accomplish heads, then we'd be able to accomplish things much quicker than we would if we things much quicker than we would if we things much quicker than we would if we relied on navigating using a guey. And relied on navigating using a guey. And relied on navigating using a guey. And this is because the terminal is such a this is because the terminal is such a this is because the terminal is such a powerful environment that allows us to powerful environment that allows us to powerful environment that allows us to shortcut these limitations of a guey to shortcut these limitations of a guey to shortcut these limitations of a guey to get real work done. get real work done. get real work done. So what if our AI agents worked like our So what if our AI agents worked like our So what if our AI agents worked like our best engineers? best engineers? best engineers? Um to some extent they already do. Um to some extent they already do. Um to some extent they already do. Virtually every frontier lab has Virtually every frontier lab has Virtually every frontier lab has launched some form of a terminal agent launched some form of a terminal agent launched some form of a terminal agent to help people accomplish work inside to help people accomplish work inside to help people accomplish work inside the terminal. Uh, you've got your clawed the terminal. Uh, you've got your clawed the terminal. Uh, you've got your clawed code from Anthropic, your codec cli from code from Anthropic, your codec cli from code from Anthropic, your codec cli from OpenAI. There's a Gemini version of this OpenAI. There's a Gemini version of this OpenAI. There's a Gemini version of this now. Cursors released terminalbased now. Cursors released terminalbased now. Cursors released terminalbased agent. Um, the Sweet Bench people have agent. Um, the Sweet Bench people have agent. Um, the Sweet Bench people have released their own minimal terminal released their own minimal terminal released their own minimal terminal based agent. And we're really starting based agent. And we're really starting based agent. And we're really starting to see this growth in tools that are to see this growth in tools that are to see this growth in tools that are specifically focused on building from specifically focused on building from specifically focused on building from inside the terminal. Um, but it's also inside the terminal. Um, but it's also inside the terminal. Um, but it's also not just these dedicated CLI agents that not just these dedicated CLI agents that not just these dedicated CLI agents that interact with computers using shell interact with computers using shell interact with computers using shell commands. Uh, even agents that I'm sure commands. Uh, even agents that I'm sure commands. Uh, even agents that I'm sure you've heard of or used before like you've heard of or used before like you've heard of or used before like cursor or manis all use CLI tools to do cursor or manis all use CLI tools to do cursor or manis all use CLI tools to do things like edit files or uh operate web things like edit files or uh operate web things like edit files or uh operate web apps. So like the the terminal shell is apps. So like the the terminal shell is apps. So like the the terminal shell is a very fruitful area for agents to a very fruitful area for agents to a very fruitful area for agents to control computers. Um, and here's a control computers. Um, and here's a control computers. Um, and here's a tweet from GMO Roush from just a few tweet from GMO Roush from just a few tweet from GMO Roush from just a few months ago where he says, "It's 2025. months ago where he says, "It's 2025. months ago where he says, "It's 2025. Some of the most impactful products in Some of the most impactful products in Some of the most impactful products in the world are CLIs. Coding agents love the world are CLIs. Coding agents love the world are CLIs. Coding agents love running CLIs. Chat GPT solves problems running CLIs. Chat GPT solves problems running CLIs. Chat GPT solves problems by writing scripts in virtual computers by writing scripts in virtual computers by writing scripts in virtual computers that invoke CLIs. Um, that invoke CLIs. Um, that invoke CLIs. Um, yeah, this is just to underscore my yeah, this is just to underscore my yeah, this is just to underscore my point that this is a very powerful point that this is a very powerful point that this is a very powerful environment that I think is worth environment that I think is worth environment that I think is worth studying. studying. studying. But how do we know that terminal agents But how do we know that terminal agents But how do we know that terminal agents are actually ready for production are actually ready for production are actually ready for production environments? environments? environments? What's to stop a language model from What's to stop a language model from What's to stop a language model from issuing a command like this? It's issuing a command like this? It's issuing a command like this? It's clearly very important that we clearly very important that we clearly very important that we understand the capabilities and the understand the capabilities and the understand the capabilities and the limitations of agents inside these limitations of agents inside these limitations of agents inside these environments. And so that's why we built environments. And so that's why we built environments. And so that's why we built terminal bench, which is our benchmark terminal bench, which is our benchmark terminal bench, which is our benchmark and which is what I'll focus on for most and which is what I'll focus on for most and which is what I'll focus on for most of the rest of the talk. of the rest of the talk. of the rest of the talk. So what exactly is Terminal Bench? And I So what exactly is Terminal Bench? And I So what exactly is Terminal Bench? And I I should say that at the end of the I should say that at the end of the I should say that at the end of the week, we're releasing Terminal Bench 2, week, we're releasing Terminal Bench 2, week, we're releasing Terminal Bench 2, which uh I'm very excited about and which uh I'm very excited about and which uh I'm very excited about and maybe I'll get into in a minute, but maybe I'll get into in a minute, but maybe I'll get into in a minute, but Terminal Bench 0.1.1 Terminal Bench 0.1.1 Terminal Bench 0.1.1 is 80 tasks that were written by humans is 80 tasks that were written by humans is 80 tasks that were written by humans who are members of our open source who are members of our open source who are members of our open source community. Uh these are for the most community. Uh these are for the most community. Uh these are for the most part PhD level contributors who are part PhD level contributors who are part PhD level contributors who are submitting tasks. They're based off of submitting tasks. They're based off of submitting tasks. They're based off of real things that they've had to do in real things that they've had to do in real things that they've had to do in the course of their careers. the course of their careers. the course of their careers. Each task comes with a verified ground Each task comes with a verified ground Each task comes with a verified ground truth solution. So we know that a task truth solution. So we know that a task truth solution. So we know that a task is possible. Uh it comes with a set of is possible. Uh it comes with a set of is possible. Uh it comes with a set of test cases to verify that the agent has test cases to verify that the agent has test cases to verify that the agent has done its job. And each task comes with a done its job. And each task comes with a done its job. And each task comes with a unique dockerized environment that we unique dockerized environment that we unique dockerized environment that we serve and use as a test bed for serve and use as a test bed for serve and use as a test bed for understanding the capabilities of these understanding the capabilities of these understanding the capabilities of these agents. agents. agents. Some examples of these tasks include Some examples of these tasks include Some examples of these tasks include compiling exotic code from source, uh compiling exotic code from source, uh compiling exotic code from source, uh data processing pipelines, real data processing pipelines, real data processing pipelines, real scientific computing workflows from scientific computing workflows from scientific computing workflows from biology and physics. Um, and the point biology and physics. Um, and the point biology and physics. Um, and the point here is that these are like all things here is that these are like all things here is that these are like all things that people would actually want to do. that people would actually want to do. that people would actually want to do. There's no toy examples. uh everything There's no toy examples. uh everything There's no toy examples. uh everything that we've included is something that a that we've included is something that a that we've included is something that a real person has struggled with at some real person has struggled with at some real person has struggled with at some point and that we know that language point and that we know that language point and that we know that language models struggle to do. Now models struggle to do. Now models struggle to do. Now let me break down for you a little bit let me break down for you a little bit let me break down for you a little bit more concretely what exactly is in each more concretely what exactly is in each more concretely what exactly is in each of these terminal bench tasks. So as I of these terminal bench tasks. So as I of these terminal bench tasks. So as I mentioned we have a task architecture mentioned we have a task architecture mentioned we have a task architecture which is a very simple specification. which is a very simple specification. which is a very simple specification. It's just a docker container and a It's just a docker container and a It's just a docker container and a description of the environment. um which description of the environment. um which description of the environment. um which is a set of instructions in this case is a set of instructions in this case is a set of instructions in this case telling the agent to re-implement a telling the agent to re-implement a telling the agent to re-implement a cobalt program in Python and uh each cobalt program in Python and uh each cobalt program in Python and uh each task comes with a solution again so that task comes with a solution again so that task comes with a solution again so that we know that the task is possible and a we know that the task is possible and a we know that the task is possible and a set of tests which when executed are set of tests which when executed are set of tests which when executed are going to tell us whether or not the going to tell us whether or not the going to tell us whether or not the agent has accomplished its goal. agent has accomplished its goal. agent has accomplished its goal. So the workflow here is that the docker So the workflow here is that the docker So the workflow here is that the docker container or other containerized container or other containerized container or other containerized environment gets instantiated according environment gets instantiated according environment gets instantiated according to the specification. The agent gets to the specification. The agent gets to the specification. The agent gets installed or activated inside that installed or activated inside that installed or activated inside that container and then it's given the container and then it's given the container and then it's given the instructions to go and solve its instructions to go and solve its instructions to go and solve its problem. Um I should say like just just problem. Um I should say like just just problem. Um I should say like just just sort of off the cuff there's one thing sort of off the cuff there's one thing sort of off the cuff there's one thing that I think we really got wrong with that I think we really got wrong with that I think we really got wrong with terminal bench and that is calling it terminal bench and that is calling it terminal bench and that is calling it terminal bench. I think probably more terminal bench. I think probably more terminal bench. I think probably more accurately we should have called it accurately we should have called it accurately we should have called it something like container bench because something like container bench because something like container bench because while we were initially interested in while we were initially interested in while we were initially interested in this paradigm of how agents can interact this paradigm of how agents can interact this paradigm of how agents can interact through terminals that's far from the through terminals that's far from the through terminals that's far from the only way that agents do in practice only way that agents do in practice only way that agents do in practice interact with our environment. So we interact with our environment. So we interact with our environment. So we support other agents like uh like open support other agents like uh like open support other agents like uh like open hands and ader and we've been used to hands and ader and we've been used to hands and ader and we've been used to evaluate uh cursors agents and all of evaluate uh cursors agents and all of evaluate uh cursors agents and all of these come with their own tools and these come with their own tools and these come with their own tools and don't strictly interact through the don't strictly interact through the don't strictly interact through the command line but nonetheless that's the command line but nonetheless that's the command line but nonetheless that's the name that we picked and and that's the name that we picked and and that's the name that we picked and and that's the one that we've stuck with so far but the one that we've stuck with so far but the one that we've stuck with so far but the point I want to make here is that we point I want to make here is that we point I want to make here is that we support this evaluation of arbitrary support this evaluation of arbitrary support this evaluation of arbitrary agents where we can just install them agents where we can just install them agents where we can just install them into the containers and understand how into the containers and understand how into the containers and understand how well they work um which I think in a well they work um which I think in a well they work um which I think in a increasing ly agentic world is it's more increasing ly agentic world is it's more increasing ly agentic world is it's more and more important to actually test how and more important to actually test how and more important to actually test how well these systems and workflows work. well these systems and workflows work. well these systems and workflows work. So that's what a terminal bench task is. So that's what a terminal bench task is. So that's what a terminal bench task is. That's how it operates. Um we built it That's how it operates. Um we built it That's how it operates. Um we built it to be hard when we released it. The to be hard when we released it. The to be hard when we released it. The state-of-the-art was only about 50%. state-of-the-art was only about 50%. state-of-the-art was only about 50%. Which tells us that there's still plenty Which tells us that there's still plenty Which tells us that there's still plenty of room for agents to improve as uh as of room for agents to improve as uh as of room for agents to improve as uh as they continue to develop. We built it they continue to develop. We built it they continue to develop. We built it realistic as I mentioned. So every task realistic as I mentioned. So every task realistic as I mentioned. So every task is based off of something that someone is based off of something that someone is based off of something that someone would actually do. and we built it to be would actually do. and we built it to be would actually do. and we built it to be live. So the benchmark is versioned but live. So the benchmark is versioned but live. So the benchmark is versioned but ever expanding and changing as new model ever expanding and changing as new model ever expanding and changing as new model capabilities are uh are unlocked which capabilities are uh are unlocked which capabilities are uh are unlocked which as I mentioned has led us to release as I mentioned has led us to release as I mentioned has led us to release turbal bench 2 um later this week. turbal bench 2 um later this week. turbal bench 2 um later this week. We were really happy with how the We were really happy with how the We were really happy with how the benchmark was received uh 3 days after benchmark was received uh 3 days after benchmark was received uh 3 days after it was released. It made it onto the it was released. It made it onto the it was released. It made it onto the Clawad 4 model card and was one of two Clawad 4 model card and was one of two Clawad 4 model card and was one of two benchmarks mentioned by Daario during benchmarks mentioned by Daario during benchmarks mentioned by Daario during the model release. And now we have a the model release. And now we have a the model release. And now we have a thousand stars on GitHub and over a 100 thousand stars on GitHub and over a 100 thousand stars on GitHub and over a 100 contributors to the project on GitHub in contributors to the project on GitHub in contributors to the project on GitHub in addition to a thousand members of our addition to a thousand members of our addition to a thousand members of our discord channel who are helping us build discord channel who are helping us build discord channel who are helping us build new environments and work on our new environments and work on our new environments and work on our software for running and evaluating software for running and evaluating software for running and evaluating agents in these environments. Um I think agents in these environments. Um I think agents in these environments. Um I think also something that was really exciting also something that was really exciting also something that was really exciting to me when we were on the cloud 4 model to me when we were on the cloud 4 model to me when we were on the cloud 4 model card is that this was the lowest score card is that this was the lowest score card is that this was the lowest score that they reported on any of the that they reported on any of the that they reported on any of the benchmarks. So these other benchmarks benchmarks. So these other benchmarks benchmarks. So these other benchmarks that had come before benchmarks like uh that had come before benchmarks like uh that had come before benchmarks like uh like Taobench and Swebench had much like Taobench and Swebench had much like Taobench and Swebench had much higher scores implying that there was a higher scores implying that there was a higher scores implying that there was a great deal of room to improve and that great deal of room to improve and that great deal of room to improve and that we were pretty far from being a we were pretty far from being a we were pretty far from being a saturated benchmark. saturated benchmark. saturated benchmark. This is a ranking of models and agents This is a ranking of models and agents This is a ranking of models and agents on uh terminal bench 1.5 which I don't on uh terminal bench 1.5 which I don't on uh terminal bench 1.5 which I don't think we will ever actually release but think we will ever actually release but think we will ever actually release but was a stepping stone on the way to was a stepping stone on the way to was a stepping stone on the way to terminal bench 2. Uh I think something terminal bench 2. Uh I think something terminal bench 2. Uh I think something that's particularly interesting here is that's particularly interesting here is that's particularly interesting here is that we see that there are combinations that we see that there are combinations that we see that there are combinations where a provider's agent works best with where a provider's agent works best with where a provider's agent works best with their model. So for example like GPT5 their model. So for example like GPT5 their model. So for example like GPT5 works best with codec cli. Um all of works best with codec cli. Um all of works best with codec cli. Um all of these scores here are the highest these scores here are the highest these scores here are the highest performing agent for each model. Um, but performing agent for each model. Um, but performing agent for each model. Um, but there are also some surprises here like there are also some surprises here like there are also some surprises here like we did evaluate claude code and that we did evaluate claude code and that we did evaluate claude code and that didn't end up being the best agent for didn't end up being the best agent for didn't end up being the best agent for any model and actually cla 4.1 performed any model and actually cla 4.1 performed any model and actually cla 4.1 performed best with uh with open hands. Um, best with uh with open hands. Um, best with uh with open hands. Um, something I also like a lot about this something I also like a lot about this something I also like a lot about this plot is that we have this nice plot is that we have this nice plot is that we have this nice stratification of agents. So we see that stratification of agents. So we see that stratification of agents. So we see that as agent and model performance as agent and model performance as agent and model performance increases, we sort of like linear increases, we sort of like linear increases, we sort of like linear linearly see the score of these agents linearly see the score of these agents linearly see the score of these agents and models increase. I'll share a couple of things that we I'll share a couple of things that we I'll share a couple of things that we noticed while we were running these noticed while we were running these noticed while we were running these experiments. So the first is that GPT5 experiments. So the first is that GPT5 experiments. So the first is that GPT5 loves to try to use nano to edit files loves to try to use nano to edit files loves to try to use nano to edit files even though it's not very good at it. Uh even though it's not very good at it. Uh even though it's not very good at it. Uh which is a bit like me and it's also which is a bit like me and it's also which is a bit like me and it's also quite bad at writing JSONs and it'll quite bad at writing JSONs and it'll quite bad at writing JSONs and it'll frequently trip itself up by trying to frequently trip itself up by trying to frequently trip itself up by trying to generate JSONs and then fail to actually generate JSONs and then fail to actually generate JSONs and then fail to actually uh produce correct syntax. Um, another uh produce correct syntax. Um, another uh produce correct syntax. Um, another one is that this agent goose will often one is that this agent goose will often one is that this agent goose will often tell you what to do rather than doing it tell you what to do rather than doing it tell you what to do rather than doing it itself. Uh, much like a senior software itself. Uh, much like a senior software itself. Uh, much like a senior software engineer. engineer. engineer. Um, and there's a few other things I Um, and there's a few other things I Um, and there's a few other things I guess I'll I'll share. Like we found guess I'll I'll share. Like we found guess I'll I'll share. Like we found that Claude 41 opus that Claude 41 opus that Claude 41 opus um had this uh um had this uh um had this uh was particularly likely to was particularly likely to was particularly likely to do anything it could to try to solve the do anything it could to try to solve the do anything it could to try to solve the problems. even if that meant problems. even if that meant problems. even if that meant hallucinating and just guessing at what hallucinating and just guessing at what hallucinating and just guessing at what it thought the right solution would be. it thought the right solution would be. it thought the right solution would be. So if we gave it some tool to use and it So if we gave it some tool to use and it So if we gave it some tool to use and it wasn't able to use the tool for one wasn't able to use the tool for one wasn't able to use the tool for one reason or another, it would just make up reason or another, it would just make up reason or another, it would just make up whatever it thinks the likely result whatever it thinks the likely result whatever it thinks the likely result would be. And you see serious would be. And you see serious would be. And you see serious differences in the ways that these differences in the ways that these differences in the ways that these models perform. There's some real models perform. There's some real models perform. There's some real stratification across behaviors. stratification across behaviors. stratification across behaviors. I think this is I think this is I think this is uh particularly good example. uh particularly good example. uh particularly good example. So, this is one where GPT5 is trying to So, this is one where GPT5 is trying to So, this is one where GPT5 is trying to build the Linux kernel from source and build the Linux kernel from source and build the Linux kernel from source and it's gotten stuck inside of nano and it it's gotten stuck inside of nano and it it's gotten stuck inside of nano and it keeps on trying to get out by issuing keeps on trying to get out by issuing keeps on trying to get out by issuing commands which don't work. And then it commands which don't work. And then it commands which don't work. And then it gets kind of frustrated and just starts gets kind of frustrated and just starts gets kind of frustrated and just starts spamming control X to try to get out. spamming control X to try to get out. spamming control X to try to get out. And then I think even And then I think even And then I think even I think it'll probably even do that I think it'll probably even do that I think it'll probably even do that again. again. again. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, it doesn't know what's good for it. Um, it doesn't know what's good for it. Um, it doesn't know what's good for it. Um, but yeah, I think I think something that but yeah, I think I think something that but yeah, I think I think something that is worth pointing out here is that there is worth pointing out here is that there is worth pointing out here is that there are these predictable themes of agent are these predictable themes of agent are these predictable themes of agent and model failure where uh we're able to and model failure where uh we're able to and model failure where uh we're able to classify these and hopefully model classify these and hopefully model classify these and hopefully model makers and developers can use these makers and developers can use these makers and developers can use these insights to change the behavior of these insights to change the behavior of these insights to change the behavior of these agents. agents. agents. So, what's actually working? Like what So, what's actually working? Like what So, what's actually working? Like what leads to better performance on Terminal leads to better performance on Terminal leads to better performance on Terminal Bench? Um the leaderboard's been up for Bench? Um the leaderboard's been up for Bench? Um the leaderboard's been up for I guess about five months now and we've I guess about five months now and we've I guess about five months now and we've had dozens of submissions. One thing had dozens of submissions. One thing had dozens of submissions. One thing that we've found makes a big difference that we've found makes a big difference that we've found makes a big difference in model performance is this phenomenon in model performance is this phenomenon in model performance is this phenomenon called model alloys in which agent called model alloys in which agent called model alloys in which agent makers will dispatch their API calls to makers will dispatch their API calls to makers will dispatch their API calls to an ensemble of different models. So, an ensemble of different models. So, an ensemble of different models. So, like one really sort of silly thing that like one really sort of silly thing that like one really sort of silly thing that actually works quite well is you can actually works quite well is you can actually works quite well is you can basically flip a coin every time you're basically flip a coin every time you're basically flip a coin every time you're planning on making a call to an LLM and planning on making a call to an LLM and planning on making a call to an LLM and you can copy that entire context over you can copy that entire context over you can copy that entire context over between your conversations between these between your conversations between these between your conversations between these different providers and switch which different providers and switch which different providers and switch which model sends its input uh during each model sends its input uh during each model sends its input uh during each turn. And you can kind of think of this turn. And you can kind of think of this turn. And you can kind of think of this as like an ensembling technique, but it as like an ensembling technique, but it as like an ensembling technique, but it seems to lead to about a five or 6% seems to lead to about a five or 6% seems to lead to about a five or 6% performance increase on terminal bench. performance increase on terminal bench. performance increase on terminal bench. The other thing that's making a huge The other thing that's making a huge The other thing that's making a huge difference is just better models coming difference is just better models coming difference is just better models coming out. Like uh I think sonnet 45 is the out. Like uh I think sonnet 45 is the out. Like uh I think sonnet 45 is the highest performing model right now highest performing model right now highest performing model right now across a variety of different agents and across a variety of different agents and across a variety of different agents and like we are starting to see the like we are starting to see the like we are starting to see the state-of-the-art creep up to 60 65%. And state-of-the-art creep up to 60 65%. And state-of-the-art creep up to 60 65%. And so this was just part of our motivation so this was just part of our motivation so this was just part of our motivation for getting a second version of the for getting a second version of the for getting a second version of the benchmark out as quickly as possible. benchmark out as quickly as possible. benchmark out as quickly as possible. And the the third thing we found is that And the the third thing we found is that And the the third thing we found is that making custom modifications to scaffolds making custom modifications to scaffolds making custom modifications to scaffolds to help the agent get unstuck can lead to help the agent get unstuck can lead to help the agent get unstuck can lead to a 5 to 10% increase in performance. to a 5 to 10% increase in performance. to a 5 to 10% increase in performance. So an example of this is that in our own So an example of this is that in our own So an example of this is that in our own agent, we've given it the option to uh agent, we've given it the option to uh agent, we've given it the option to uh cancel a command early if it thinks that cancel a command early if it thinks that cancel a command early if it thinks that it's been running too long. And this it's been running too long. And this it's been running too long. And this prevents the agent from timing out by prevents the agent from timing out by prevents the agent from timing out by just issuing the wrong command and then just issuing the wrong command and then just issuing the wrong command and then sitting there infinitely waiting for it sitting there infinitely waiting for it sitting there infinitely waiting for it to finish. And so just like dumb little to finish. And so just like dumb little to finish. And so just like dumb little optimizations like this can actually optimizations like this can actually optimizations like this can actually translate to pretty significant translate to pretty significant translate to pretty significant improvements in model performance. improvements in model performance. improvements in model performance. So I just shared about terminal bench So I just shared about terminal bench So I just shared about terminal bench which is our project and now I want to which is our project and now I want to which is our project and now I want to talk um a little bit about something new talk um a little bit about something new talk um a little bit about something new that we've been working on as well. that we've been working on as well. that we've been working on as well. So what did we learn from building So what did we learn from building So what did we learn from building terminal bench? One thing was that terminal bench? One thing was that terminal bench? One thing was that people were building in unexpected ways people were building in unexpected ways people were building in unexpected ways with our harness. We found people using with our harness. We found people using with our harness. We found people using terminal bench for prompt optimization terminal bench for prompt optimization terminal bench for prompt optimization as unit testing for their agents to as unit testing for their agents to as unit testing for their agents to check for regressions before they push check for regressions before they push check for regressions before they push to prod. Um people were hacking the to prod. Um people were hacking the to prod. Um people were hacking the terminal bench harness to allow them to terminal bench harness to allow them to terminal bench harness to allow them to do RL rollouts on top of our do RL rollouts on top of our do RL rollouts on top of our environments and ones that they create environments and ones that they create environments and ones that they create for themselves. We had all of these for themselves. We had all of these for themselves. We had all of these benchmark makers coming to us asking if benchmark makers coming to us asking if benchmark makers coming to us asking if they could use our harness to develop they could use our harness to develop they could use our harness to develop their own benchmark. And so we really their own benchmark. And so we really their own benchmark. And so we really wanted to like support this in some way. wanted to like support this in some way. wanted to like support this in some way. All of these different use cases. The All of these different use cases. The All of these different use cases. The second thing that we learned was that second thing that we learned was that second thing that we learned was that there's a huge demand for training there's a huge demand for training there's a huge demand for training agents with RL environments. This is a agents with RL environments. This is a agents with RL environments. This is a real cottage industry that has popped up real cottage industry that has popped up real cottage industry that has popped up over the last few months is going out over the last few months is going out over the last few months is going out and building RL environments and selling and building RL environments and selling and building RL environments and selling those to labs or other model makers to those to labs or other model makers to those to labs or other model makers to train their agents. And we wanted to train their agents. And we wanted to train their agents. And we wanted to support this paradigm of like bringing support this paradigm of like bringing support this paradigm of like bringing your own arbitrary environment and then your own arbitrary environment and then your own arbitrary environment and then just training an agent on top of it. And just training an agent on top of it. And just training an agent on top of it. And the third thing that we learned was that the third thing that we learned was that the third thing that we learned was that it's very difficult to parallelize the it's very difficult to parallelize the it's very difficult to parallelize the creation and launching and maintenance creation and launching and maintenance creation and launching and maintenance of these environments. Uh when we built of these environments. Uh when we built of these environments. Uh when we built terminal bench, we were running terminal bench, we were running terminal bench, we were running everything on Docker locally and this everything on Docker locally and this everything on Docker locally and this scales to about six concurrent scales to about six concurrent scales to about six concurrent environments, but in order to run much environments, but in order to run much environments, but in order to run much larger scale experiments, we knew that larger scale experiments, we knew that larger scale experiments, we knew that we needed to scale up into hundreds or we needed to scale up into hundreds or we needed to scale up into hundreds or thousands of concurrent environments. thousands of concurrent environments. thousands of concurrent environments. Um, and so in order to do this, we built Um, and so in order to do this, we built Um, and so in order to do this, we built Harbor by Terminal Bench, which is our Harbor by Terminal Bench, which is our Harbor by Terminal Bench, which is our one-stop shop for building the best one-stop shop for building the best one-stop shop for building the best agent, which with whatever framework agent, which with whatever framework agent, which with whatever framework you're interested in. And the purpose of you're interested in. And the purpose of you're interested in. And the purpose of Harbor was to address some of these Harbor was to address some of these Harbor was to address some of these unanticipated pain points that we found unanticipated pain points that we found unanticipated pain points that we found while building Terminal Bench. Um, what while building Terminal Bench. Um, what while building Terminal Bench. Um, what Harbor brings is the option to evaluate Harbor brings is the option to evaluate Harbor brings is the option to evaluate any agent on any benchmark. uh we've any agent on any benchmark. uh we've any agent on any benchmark. uh we've abstracted away much of our code for abstracted away much of our code for abstracted away much of our code for running terminal bench in particular and running terminal bench in particular and running terminal bench in particular and have made it easy to port benchmarks have made it easy to port benchmarks have made it easy to port benchmarks like Taobench or Swebench or any of the like Taobench or Swebench or any of the like Taobench or Swebench or any of the other frontier agentic benchmarks and other frontier agentic benchmarks and other frontier agentic benchmarks and probably like any agentic benchmark to probably like any agentic benchmark to probably like any agentic benchmark to come out for the next few years. come out for the next few years. come out for the next few years. We also now are working on integration We also now are working on integration We also now are working on integration with Sky RL which I think Philip and uh with Sky RL which I think Philip and uh with Sky RL which I think Philip and uh Tyler are going to talk about in a later Tyler are going to talk about in a later Tyler are going to talk about in a later session later today or at least SkyRL in session later today or at least SkyRL in session later today or at least SkyRL in general. Um, and we've made it possible general. Um, and we've made it possible general. Um, and we've made it possible to parallelize generation and to parallelize generation and to parallelize generation and evaluation, not just on Docker locally, evaluation, not just on Docker locally, evaluation, not just on Docker locally, but with Kubernetes, Docker, um, any of but with Kubernetes, Docker, um, any of but with Kubernetes, Docker, um, any of these NeoCloud providers like E2B, Run these NeoCloud providers like E2B, Run these NeoCloud providers like E2B, Run Loop, Daytona, uh, Modal, these can all Loop, Daytona, uh, Modal, these can all Loop, Daytona, uh, Modal, these can all be used as the hosting platform for be used as the hosting platform for be used as the hosting platform for environments that integrate directly environments that integrate directly environments that integrate directly into our harness. Now, and I I think into our harness. Now, and I I think into our harness. Now, and I I think something on top of this that I may have something on top of this that I may have something on top of this that I may have mentioned already is that we support any mentioned already is that we support any mentioned already is that we support any arbitrary containerized environment. So arbitrary containerized environment. So arbitrary containerized environment. So rather than just focusing on terminal rather than just focusing on terminal rather than just focusing on terminal bench tasks, you could imagine someone bench tasks, you could imagine someone bench tasks, you could imagine someone using this for uh running one of these, using this for uh running one of these, using this for uh running one of these, you know, Salesforce or Slack clones you know, Salesforce or Slack clones you know, Salesforce or Slack clones that are being sold as environments that are being sold as environments that are being sold as environments across the city right now. So, we're across the city right now. So, we're across the city right now. So, we're really excited about this. It's going to really excited about this. It's going to really excited about this. It's going to be launched later this week. And uh the be launched later this week. And uh the be launched later this week. And uh the the highline takeaway that I would have the highline takeaway that I would have the highline takeaway that I would have here is that this is here is that this is here is that this is everything that we learned from months everything that we learned from months everything that we learned from months of trying to evaluate agents, every of trying to evaluate agents, every of trying to evaluate agents, every problem solved, packaged up and ready problem solved, packaged up and ready problem solved, packaged up and ready for other people to use. So we are for other people to use. So we are for other people to use. So we are hoping that this helps take a step hoping that this helps take a step hoping that this helps take a step forward in agent evaluation and forward in agent evaluation and forward in agent evaluation and training. And we'll have more news on training. And we'll have more news on training. And we'll have more news on that later. So if you're interested, that later. So if you're interested, that later. So if you're interested, these are two QR codes that go to both these are two QR codes that go to both these are two QR codes that go to both the Terminal Bench website and also to the Terminal Bench website and also to the Terminal Bench website and also to more information about Harbor. Um, and more information about Harbor. Um, and more information about Harbor. Um, and please feel free to join our Discord and please feel free to join our Discord and please feel free to join our Discord and ask any questions or follow up with me ask any questions or follow up with me ask any questions or follow up with me afterwards. Uh, I also just want to give afterwards. Uh, I also just want to give afterwards. Uh, I also just want to give a quick shout out to the team. As I a quick shout out to the team. As I a quick shout out to the team. As I mentioned, like this is an open source mentioned, like this is an open source mentioned, like this is an open source project. It wouldn't have been possible project. It wouldn't have been possible project. It wouldn't have been possible without people from dozens of different without people from dozens of different without people from dozens of different institutions across the world coming institutions across the world coming institutions across the world coming together to help us build these tasks, together to help us build these tasks, together to help us build these tasks, give us feedback on the software, and do give us feedback on the software, and do give us feedback on the software, and do all of the nasty work of plumbing agents all of the nasty work of plumbing agents all of the nasty work of plumbing agents and getting them to be installed and do and getting them to be installed and do and getting them to be installed and do all the logging and evaluation for us. all the logging and evaluation for us. all the logging and evaluation for us. So, um, yeah, huge shout out to the So, um, yeah, huge shout out to the So, um, yeah, huge shout out to the community. And uh that's all I've got community. And uh that's all I've got community. And uh that's all I've got for you guys. So if you have any for you guys. So if you have any for you guys. So if you have any questions, I think I have a couple of questions, I think I have a couple of questions, I think I have a couple of minutes. I don't know if that's part of minutes. I don't know if that's part of minutes. I don't know if that's part of the schedule, but I'm happy to talk for the schedule, but I'm happy to talk for the schedule, but I'm happy to talk for a little bit longer, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Question. So example that you show have tried have tried have tried models and the question asked because text but for certain terminal programs it but for certain terminal programs it but for certain terminal programs it might make more sense to present you &gt;&gt; so we we haven't run that although many &gt;&gt; so we we haven't run that although many &gt;&gt; so we we haven't run that although many of the agents that we evaluate do have of the agents that we evaluate do have of the agents that we evaluate do have the option to take screenshots and do the option to take screenshots and do the option to take screenshots and do something with them. Um something with them. Um something with them. Um so like cloud code for example can so like cloud code for example can so like cloud code for example can ingest images and there's nothing to ingest images and there's nothing to ingest images and there's nothing to stop the agent from making a multimodal stop the agent from making a multimodal stop the agent from making a multimodal call to try to understand the call to try to understand the call to try to understand the environment that it's operating in. So environment that it's operating in. So environment that it's operating in. So in theory many of these agents could do in theory many of these agents could do in theory many of these agents could do this. In practice they don't seem to this. In practice they don't seem to this. In practice they don't seem to like doing that. Um, like doing that. Um, like doing that. Um, I think like I think like I think like one thing that I want to emphasize about one thing that I want to emphasize about one thing that I want to emphasize about the harness is that we're we're really the harness is that we're we're really the harness is that we're we're really not opinionated about how agents should not opinionated about how agents should not opinionated about how agents should interact with these environments. We interact with these environments. We interact with these environments. We used to be like originally the plan was used to be like originally the plan was used to be like originally the plan was to just do terminals and we ultimately to just do terminals and we ultimately to just do terminals and we ultimately decided that like you know all the agent decided that like you know all the agent decided that like you know all the agent makers have their own tools. Some of makers have their own tools. Some of makers have their own tools. Some of them are interested in doing multimodal them are interested in doing multimodal them are interested in doing multimodal work. And so the way the terminal bench work. And so the way the terminal bench work. And so the way the terminal bench and harbor operate now is you just and harbor operate now is you just and harbor operate now is you just install the agent directly into the install the agent directly into the install the agent directly into the environment and you let it do whatever environment and you let it do whatever environment and you let it do whatever it needs to do. So it doesn't have to it needs to do. So it doesn't have to it needs to do. So it doesn't have to interact through a terminal shell. Our interact through a terminal shell. Our interact through a terminal shell. Our agents, the one that we've benchmarked agents, the one that we've benchmarked agents, the one that we've benchmarked do, but even like clawed code for do, but even like clawed code for do, but even like clawed code for example, example, example, you know, it issues some bash commands. you know, it issues some bash commands. you know, it issues some bash commands. It's pretty good at issuing bash It's pretty good at issuing bash It's pretty good at issuing bash commands. It's not the only thing that commands. It's not the only thing that commands. It's not the only thing that it does. So it does. So it does. So yes, I I your your question since the yes, I I your your question since the yes, I I your your question since the mics not might not have picked it up was mics not might not have picked it up was mics not might not have picked it up was about whether we've tried multimmodal about whether we've tried multimmodal about whether we've tried multimmodal models and we have not personally models and we have not personally models and we have not personally although there's like nothing preventing although there's like nothing preventing although there's like nothing preventing someone from doing very well on terminal someone from doing very well on terminal someone from doing very well on terminal bench by trying that strategy just in bench by trying that strategy just in bench by trying that strategy just in practice it it doesn't seem to make that practice it it doesn't seem to make that practice it it doesn't seem to make that much of a difference. &gt;&gt; Thank you for the great sharing and &gt;&gt; Thank you for the great sharing and &gt;&gt; Thank you for the great sharing and I think because many people talk about I think because many people talk about I think because many people talk about coming but I your benchmark that those coming but I your benchmark that those coming but I your benchmark that those agent just have lower than 50% accuracy agent just have lower than 50% accuracy agent just have lower than 50% accuracy I feel a little safe. So do you have any I feel a little safe. So do you have any I feel a little safe. So do you have any insight that um why do so bad or when insight that um why do so bad or when insight that um why do so bad or when when he didn't achieve the goal what when he didn't achieve the goal what when he didn't achieve the goal what really happened? For example, sometimes really happened? For example, sometimes really happened? For example, sometimes the agent just stop somewhere or the agent just stop somewhere or the agent just stop somewhere or sometimes the agent hallucinate or do sometimes the agent hallucinate or do sometimes the agent hallucinate or do you have any insight why those agent you have any insight why those agent you have any insight why those agent fail? fail? fail? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, totally. So the question was &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, totally. So the question was &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, totally. So the question was like why did these agents fail? Like why like why did these agents fail? Like why like why did these agents fail? Like why are they at about 50% performance? Um are they at about 50% performance? Um are they at about 50% performance? Um you know I think one major problem is you know I think one major problem is you know I think one major problem is this this this there is some overeagerness on the parts there is some overeagerness on the parts there is some overeagerness on the parts of the agents that I mentioned. So for of the agents that I mentioned. So for of the agents that I mentioned. So for example they will hallucinate example they will hallucinate example they will hallucinate information if they're having trouble information if they're having trouble information if they're having trouble figuring out how to use a tool. they'll figuring out how to use a tool. they'll figuring out how to use a tool. they'll just say like well the tool isn't just say like well the tool isn't just say like well the tool isn't working so I just think that this is working so I just think that this is working so I just think that this is probably the answer that I should give probably the answer that I should give probably the answer that I should give and then it'll get it wrong you know uh and then it'll get it wrong you know uh and then it'll get it wrong you know uh when in reality it should probably like when in reality it should probably like when in reality it should probably like persist to try to use the tool or try persist to try to use the tool or try persist to try to use the tool or try some other strategy and so I I think some other strategy and so I I think some other strategy and so I I think that there is like almost an alignment that there is like almost an alignment that there is like almost an alignment issue here where they get stuck in these issue here where they get stuck in these issue here where they get stuck in these ruts and then have a hard time getting ruts and then have a hard time getting ruts and then have a hard time getting back out and you saw that a little bit back out and you saw that a little bit back out and you saw that a little bit with this example of trying to quit out with this example of trying to quit out with this example of trying to quit out of nano like it had already tried the of nano like it had already tried the of nano like it had already tried the same strategy several times but it just same strategy several times but it just same strategy several times but it just thought that if maybe it kept spamming thought that if maybe it kept spamming thought that if maybe it kept spamming the keys, eventually it would be able to the keys, eventually it would be able to the keys, eventually it would be able to kill the the window that it was in. Um, kill the the window that it was in. Um, kill the the window that it was in. Um, so I think those are really two common so I think those are really two common so I think those are really two common failure modes. One one area where failure modes. One one area where failure modes. One one area where they're really good is that they they they're really good is that they they they're really good is that they they really know how to use the shell. So really know how to use the shell. So really know how to use the shell. So like, and you may have seen this if like, and you may have seen this if like, and you may have seen this if you've tried to use clawed code, but if you've tried to use clawed code, but if you've tried to use clawed code, but if you ask an agent to try to find some you ask an agent to try to find some you ask an agent to try to find some file, it'll issue some ridiculous find file, it'll issue some ridiculous find file, it'll issue some ridiculous find command that maybe you would have never command that maybe you would have never command that maybe you would have never typed yourself or would have thought of, typed yourself or would have thought of, typed yourself or would have thought of, but it'll work, you know, and they're but it'll work, you know, and they're but it'll work, you know, and they're really good at at using GP and cat. And really good at at using GP and cat. And really good at at using GP and cat. And I think all of these things are just so I think all of these things are just so I think all of these things are just so well within their training distribution well within their training distribution well within their training distribution because there's so many great examples because there's so many great examples because there's so many great examples of them on the internet that they're of them on the internet that they're of them on the internet that they're able to really execute at using these able to really execute at using these able to really execute at using these terminal tools. Um, but yeah, in terminal tools. Um, but yeah, in terminal tools. Um, but yeah, in general, I think they fall into the same general, I think they fall into the same general, I think they fall into the same problems as other agents. So like poor problems as other agents. So like poor problems as other agents. So like poor abilities once their context windows abilities once their context windows abilities once their context windows start to get full. Um, difficulty start to get full. Um, difficulty start to get full. Um, difficulty reasoning over reasoning over reasoning over durations of more than an hour for durations of more than an hour for durations of more than an hour for probably the same reason. Uh, and then I probably the same reason. Uh, and then I probably the same reason. Uh, and then I think also, you know, you you asked think also, you know, you you asked think also, you know, you you asked about like kind of a bigger question about like kind of a bigger question about like kind of a bigger question about like AGI and how how far are we about like AGI and how how far are we about like AGI and how how far are we away from that away from that away from that thing like these are all super well thing like these are all super well thing like these are all super well specified instructions. You know, specified instructions. You know, specified instructions. You know, there's there's a degree of autonomy there's there's a degree of autonomy there's there's a degree of autonomy assumed by the agent and that it needs assumed by the agent and that it needs assumed by the agent and that it needs to be able to go and solve the problem to be able to go and solve the problem to be able to go and solve the problem itself, but we're telling it exactly itself, but we're telling it exactly itself, but we're telling it exactly what to do. And I think in most real what to do. And I think in most real what to do. And I think in most real work settings, you're not going to have work settings, you're not going to have work settings, you're not going to have such well specified instructions for the such well specified instructions for the such well specified instructions for the agent and it's going to struggle to agent and it's going to struggle to agent and it's going to struggle to actually fulfill exactly what you're actually fulfill exactly what you're actually fulfill exactly what you're trying to get it to do. Um, so I think trying to get it to do. Um, so I think trying to get it to do. Um, so I think that's where most of like the gap that's where most of like the gap that's where most of like the gap between agent and model capabilities and between agent and model capabilities and between agent and model capabilities and real valuable work in much of the real valuable work in much of the real valuable work in much of the economy uh practically exists. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. And because you have a a spectrum of And because you have a a spectrum of And because you have a a spectrum of task, right? So you will have some about task, right? So you will have some about task, right? So you will have some about a portion of task because of their a portion of task because of their a portion of task because of their characteristic is more reliable to have characteristic is more reliable to have characteristic is more reliable to have agent do. But maybe the other category agent do. But maybe the other category agent do. But maybe the other category of the task of the task of the task agent kind of task. kind of task. kind of task. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like what actually makes tasks &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like what actually makes tasks &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like what actually makes tasks hard? One result that we found was that hard? One result that we found was that hard? One result that we found was that humans are pretty good at predicting humans are pretty good at predicting humans are pretty good at predicting what tasks are going to be hard. Um, so what tasks are going to be hard. Um, so what tasks are going to be hard. Um, so we had human annotators go through the we had human annotators go through the we had human annotators go through the tasks and bin them into easy, medium, tasks and bin them into easy, medium, tasks and bin them into easy, medium, and hard. And we found that agent and and hard. And we found that agent and and hard. And we found that agent and model performance like matched that model performance like matched that model performance like matched that distribution. And so it's kind of the distribution. And so it's kind of the distribution. And so it's kind of the things that you would expect like things that you would expect like things that you would expect like um, like I said, long context reasoning, um, like I said, long context reasoning, um, like I said, long context reasoning, interacting with the web is something interacting with the web is something interacting with the web is something that they struggle with more often than that they struggle with more often than that they struggle with more often than not. Um but then also like some things not. Um but then also like some things not. Um but then also like some things that would be kind of hard for a human that would be kind of hard for a human that would be kind of hard for a human can be very easy for the agents. So like can be very easy for the agents. So like can be very easy for the agents. So like I said like generating a regular I said like generating a regular I said like generating a regular expression is very hard for a human to expression is very hard for a human to expression is very hard for a human to do but the language models can do it do but the language models can do it do but the language models can do it pretty perfectly because they just like pretty perfectly because they just like pretty perfectly because they just like understand that language well and they understand that language well and they understand that language well and they they know its limitations and all the they know its limitations and all the they know its limitations and all the syntax. Um so there are there are some syntax. Um so there are there are some syntax. Um so there are there are some tasks that fall into the other category. tasks that fall into the other category. tasks that fall into the other category. Thanks. Well, I think I'm at time now. Thanks. Well, I think I'm at time now. Thanks. Well, I think I'm at time now. Um, appreciate everyone and enjoy the Um, appreciate everyone and enjoy the Um, appreciate everyone and enjoy the rest of your conference. rest of your conference. rest of your conference. Thanks.
