Good morning everyone. Thank you for Good morning everyone. Thank you for Good morning everyone. Thank you for being here, and happy to have you all being here, and happy to have you all being here, and happy to have you all for this session CNS 359. Uh my name is for this session CNS 359. Uh my name is for this session CNS 359. Uh my name is Dheeraj Mahapatra. I'm a principal Dheeraj Mahapatra. I'm a principal Dheeraj Mahapatra. I'm a principal specialist solutions architect at AWS. specialist solutions architect at AWS. specialist solutions architect at AWS. And with me, I have And with me, I have And with me, I have &gt;&gt; My name is Segye Park. I'm also a &gt;&gt; My name is Segye Park. I'm also a &gt;&gt; My name is Segye Park. I'm also a solutions architect here at AWS covering solutions architect here at AWS covering solutions architect here at AWS covering a generative AI. a generative AI. a generative AI. All right, so we're going to kick it off All right, so we're going to kick it off All right, so we're going to kick it off today. Uh hopefully you're excited. today. Uh hopefully you're excited. today. Uh hopefully you're excited. We're getting started here at re:Invent. We're getting started here at re:Invent. We're getting started here at re:Invent. Uh we're going to talk about uh Uh we're going to talk about uh Uh we're going to talk about uh building, deploying, and operating building, deploying, and operating building, deploying, and operating agentic applications using AWS agentic applications using AWS agentic applications using AWS serverless. And so, we have a lot we serverless. And so, we have a lot we serverless. And so, we have a lot we want to cover, so we're going to dive want to cover, so we're going to dive want to cover, so we're going to dive right into it. Uh this is just a quick right into it. Uh this is just a quick right into it. Uh this is just a quick overview of our agenda, but again, we're overview of our agenda, but again, we're overview of our agenda, but again, we're going to dive right into it. Uh just a going to dive right into it. Uh just a going to dive right into it. Uh just a couple of quick assumptions here. Uh couple of quick assumptions here. Uh couple of quick assumptions here. Uh this is a 300-level session. There are this is a 300-level session. There are this is a 300-level session. There are some assumptions around some knowledge. some assumptions around some knowledge. some assumptions around some knowledge. We won't cover a a lot of the basic We won't cover a a lot of the basic We won't cover a a lot of the basic definitions. We're going to make some of definitions. We're going to make some of definitions. We're going to make some of those assumptions. We're also going to those assumptions. We're also going to those assumptions. We're also going to start with some principles. Again, as start with some principles. Again, as start with some principles. Again, as architects with your architect hat on architects with your architect hat on architects with your architect hat on here, we're going to want to talk about here, we're going to want to talk about here, we're going to want to talk about some of those principles, and then we're some of those principles, and then we're some of those principles, and then we're going to apply some of the pragmatic uh going to apply some of the pragmatic uh going to apply some of the pragmatic uh deployment uh thinking here. deployment uh thinking here. deployment uh thinking here. Okay. So, the first thing that we want Okay. So, the first thing that we want Okay. So, the first thing that we want to think through is as we think about to think through is as we think about to think through is as we think about designing single agent systems, we're designing single agent systems, we're designing single agent systems, we're going to then transition into going to then transition into going to then transition into multi-agent systems. But, multi-agent systems. But, multi-agent systems. But, before we do that, why don't we start before we do that, why don't we start before we do that, why don't we start with a customer example? And we're going with a customer example? And we're going with a customer example? And we're going to use this example uh throughout this to use this example uh throughout this to use this example uh throughout this talk. So, you imagine we just went talk. So, you imagine we just went talk. So, you imagine we just went through Black Friday. through Black Friday. through Black Friday. You're uh shopping, perhaps gift You're uh shopping, perhaps gift You're uh shopping, perhaps gift shopping. Uh I was charged twice for my shopping. Uh I was charged twice for my shopping. Uh I was charged twice for my order. In fact, there was should have order. In fact, there was should have order. In fact, there was should have been two items. I only received one. And been two items. I only received one. And been two items. I only received one. And I needed actually tomorrow for a gift, I needed actually tomorrow for a gift, I needed actually tomorrow for a gift, right? And so, here is they were charged right? And so, here is they were charged right? And so, here is they were charged twice. Here's issue number one. They twice. Here's issue number one. They twice. Here's issue number one. They Instead of being charged once, as you Instead of being charged once, as you Instead of being charged once, as you would expect, the payment system perhaps would expect, the payment system perhaps would expect, the payment system perhaps accidentally charged you twice for some accidentally charged you twice for some accidentally charged you twice for some reason. Also, there you did not receive reason. Also, there you did not receive reason. Also, there you did not receive all of the items in the order, and then all of the items in the order, and then all of the items in the order, and then of course, there is this rush, uh this of course, there is this rush, uh this of course, there is this rush, uh this impending need to get it tomorrow impending need to get it tomorrow impending need to get it tomorrow because you need to actually give this because you need to actually give this because you need to actually give this as a gift. So, we're going to think as a gift. So, we're going to think as a gift. So, we're going to think through these uh problem statements through these uh problem statements through these uh problem statements throughout this uh talk. throughout this uh talk. throughout this uh talk. So, for the serverless efficient and So, for the serverless efficient and So, for the serverless efficient and autos here, we may build this with a autos here, we may build this with a autos here, we may build this with a serverless set of serverless APIs. This serverless set of serverless APIs. This serverless set of serverless APIs. This is your retail application. is your retail application. is your retail application. Again, you can imagine using domain Again, you can imagine using domain Again, you can imagine using domain driven design, we may have some driven design, we may have some driven design, we may have some different boundary contexts. You You'll different boundary contexts. You You'll different boundary contexts. You You'll have a number of different APIs here, have a number of different APIs here, have a number of different APIs here, right? So, maybe your orders API is right? So, maybe your orders API is right? So, maybe your orders API is going to manage the life cycle of that going to manage the life cycle of that going to manage the life cycle of that customer purchasing process. customer purchasing process. customer purchasing process. You might use inventory management to You might use inventory management to You might use inventory management to look in your warehouse, see what's look in your warehouse, see what's look in your warehouse, see what's available. Again, maybe on Black Friday, available. Again, maybe on Black Friday, available. Again, maybe on Black Friday, you may have sold out of some of those you may have sold out of some of those you may have sold out of some of those items. So, you want to be able to notify items. So, you want to be able to notify items. So, you want to be able to notify notify the front end that some of these notify the front end that some of these notify the front end that some of these items perhaps are not available. Again, items perhaps are not available. Again, items perhaps are not available. Again, similarly with payments, we want to similarly with payments, we want to similarly with payments, we want to maybe do direct payments or maybe even maybe do direct payments or maybe even maybe do direct payments or maybe even invoicing of your customers. And then of invoicing of your customers. And then of invoicing of your customers. And then of course, the support API for maybe your course, the support API for maybe your course, the support API for maybe your support organization. When this request support organization. When this request support organization. When this request comes in, we can then use this to go and comes in, we can then use this to go and comes in, we can then use this to go and triage what perhaps went wrong. triage what perhaps went wrong. triage what perhaps went wrong. Okay. So, with this, we think about this Okay. So, with this, we think about this Okay. So, with this, we think about this customer experience and what are we customer experience and what are we customer experience and what are we going to try to solve for, right? These going to try to solve for, right? These going to try to solve for, right? These are some of the challenges that we're are some of the challenges that we're are some of the challenges that we're thinking through is as a customer thinking through is as a customer thinking through is as a customer support agent, maybe I have to respond support agent, maybe I have to respond support agent, maybe I have to respond to these and I have to look in multiple to these and I have to look in multiple to these and I have to look in multiple disparate systems. Maybe I there's a disparate systems. Maybe I there's a disparate systems. Maybe I there's a payments portal internally, maybe payments portal internally, maybe payments portal internally, maybe there's something around inventory there's something around inventory there's something around inventory management. You can imagine trying to management. You can imagine trying to management. You can imagine trying to build a dashboard or some type of build a dashboard or some type of build a dashboard or some type of support system that allows me to see all support system that allows me to see all support system that allows me to see all of these disparate sources of of these disparate sources of of these disparate sources of information all in one place. information all in one place. information all in one place. Further Furthermore, of course, you want Further Furthermore, of course, you want Further Furthermore, of course, you want a good customer experience. So, we don't a good customer experience. So, we don't a good customer experience. So, we don't want the customer to be sitting and want the customer to be sitting and want the customer to be sitting and waiting for a long period of time. So, waiting for a long period of time. So, waiting for a long period of time. So, we want to be able to address this we want to be able to address this we want to be able to address this customer issue as quickly as possible. customer issue as quickly as possible. customer issue as quickly as possible. And also, you want to make sure that And also, you want to make sure that And also, you want to make sure that your support personnel, that they get your support personnel, that they get your support personnel, that they get quick guidance as well. So, that you quick guidance as well. So, that you quick guidance as well. So, that you don't have your customer waiting for a don't have your customer waiting for a don't have your customer waiting for a long period of time before they get long period of time before they get long period of time before they get feedback of, "Hey, what's the next feedback of, "Hey, what's the next feedback of, "Hey, what's the next potential resolution?" potential resolution?" potential resolution?" So, can we do better? Can we do better? So, can we do better? Can we do better? So, can we do better? Can we do better? Now, you're thinking, Now, you're thinking, Now, you're thinking, I could probably do this just by having I could probably do this just by having I could probably do this just by having better, you know, unit test integration better, you know, unit test integration better, you know, unit test integration tests within my application itself. tests within my application itself. tests within my application itself. But even we were just talking with some But even we were just talking with some But even we were just talking with some folks in the in the front here that folks in the in the front here that folks in the in the front here that there are ways to perhaps get insight there are ways to perhaps get insight there are ways to perhaps get insight into data quicker using perhaps an LLM. into data quicker using perhaps an LLM. into data quicker using perhaps an LLM. So, in this scenario, oops, in this So, in this scenario, oops, in this So, in this scenario, oops, in this scenario, perhaps you use an LLM you scenario, perhaps you use an LLM you scenario, perhaps you use an LLM you integrate an LLM. We're going to invoke integrate an LLM. We're going to invoke integrate an LLM. We're going to invoke a model provided with some amount of a model provided with some amount of a model provided with some amount of data and get some type of reasoning data and get some type of reasoning data and get some type of reasoning insight back from this model. insight back from this model. insight back from this model. Right, and we're going to talk a bunch Right, and we're going to talk a bunch Right, and we're going to talk a bunch about how do we do this in a way that about how do we do this in a way that about how do we do this in a way that makes sense for our application. So, the makes sense for our application. So, the makes sense for our application. So, the quick naive way we want to think about quick naive way we want to think about quick naive way we want to think about is we want to provide context to this is we want to provide context to this is we want to provide context to this application and to this LLM. The first application and to this LLM. The first application and to this LLM. The first way we may think about doing that is way we may think about doing that is way we may think about doing that is through this idea of search. Here the through this idea of search. Here the through this idea of search. Here the key thing is you're going to have a key thing is you're going to have a key thing is you're going to have a prompt. So, maybe you have an prompt. So, maybe you have an prompt. So, maybe you have an application, you're going to construct a application, you're going to construct a application, you're going to construct a prompt through this application. You prompt through this application. You prompt through this application. You will then perhaps go and get some will then perhaps go and get some will then perhaps go and get some information out of a knowledge source. information out of a knowledge source. information out of a knowledge source. So, this could be some type of semantic So, this could be some type of semantic So, this could be some type of semantic knowledge store, and maybe this is prior knowledge store, and maybe this is prior knowledge store, and maybe this is prior history with this customer, maybe this history with this customer, maybe this history with this customer, maybe this is the inventory is the inventory is the inventory data warehouse, and maybe this is a data warehouse, and maybe this is a data warehouse, and maybe this is a finance payments API. finance payments API. finance payments API. We're going to then go and extract that We're going to then go and extract that We're going to then go and extract that knowledge and then submit an enhanced knowledge and then submit an enhanced knowledge and then submit an enhanced prompt to the LLM. The key thing that prompt to the LLM. The key thing that prompt to the LLM. The key thing that you you want to think about here is the you you want to think about here is the you you want to think about here is the fact that the application is fact that the application is fact that the application is orchestrating the the flow of orchestrating the the flow of orchestrating the the flow of information retrieval. So, it is the information retrieval. So, it is the information retrieval. So, it is the application that is going to parse the application that is going to parse the application that is going to parse the prompt, is going to go and say, "Okay, prompt, is going to go and say, "Okay, prompt, is going to go and say, "Okay, we need to get some set of data we need to get some set of data we need to get some set of data out of this knowledge source, and then out of this knowledge source, and then out of this knowledge source, and then submit that to the LLM." So, as a submit that to the LLM." So, as a submit that to the LLM." So, as a developer building this type of developer building this type of developer building this type of application, the developer needs to application, the developer needs to application, the developer needs to write and orchestrate all of this logic. write and orchestrate all of this logic. write and orchestrate all of this logic. Perhaps you may also think maybe we want Perhaps you may also think maybe we want Perhaps you may also think maybe we want to do this a little bit more to do this a little bit more to do this a little bit more dynamically. Maybe as a developer I dynamically. Maybe as a developer I dynamically. Maybe as a developer I don't know the actual workflow. So, don't know the actual workflow. So, don't know the actual workflow. So, perhaps there's a way we can do this perhaps there's a way we can do this perhaps there's a way we can do this where we can have the LLM make a where we can have the LLM make a where we can have the LLM make a determination of what the next step is determination of what the next step is determination of what the next step is without writing without writing without writing imperative code. So, here you have that imperative code. So, here you have that imperative code. So, here you have that same prompt, the same application, and same prompt, the same application, and same prompt, the same application, and what we're going to now do as part of what we're going to now do as part of what we're going to now do as part of this prompt is to submit a list of this prompt is to submit a list of this prompt is to submit a list of available tools that this LLM can then available tools that this LLM can then available tools that this LLM can then make a decision about. The LLM can then make a decision about. The LLM can then make a decision about. The LLM can then come back and say, "Hey, I like, you come back and say, "Hey, I like, you come back and say, "Hey, I like, you know, tool A and B. I'm going to go make know, tool A and B. I'm going to go make know, tool A and B. I'm going to go make a request. Can you application go and a request. Can you application go and a request. Can you application go and fetch this data on my behalf. fetch this data on my behalf. fetch this data on my behalf. Now, the application on behalf of the Now, the application on behalf of the Now, the application on behalf of the LLM will go and fetch the data from that LLM will go and fetch the data from that LLM will go and fetch the data from that same knowledge source, and then will same knowledge source, and then will same knowledge source, and then will submit that enhanced prompt. So, the key submit that enhanced prompt. So, the key submit that enhanced prompt. So, the key difference here is maybe as a developer, difference here is maybe as a developer, difference here is maybe as a developer, I've actually simplified the type of I've actually simplified the type of I've actually simplified the type of code that I'm writing, or the amount of code that I'm writing, or the amount of code that I'm writing, or the amount of code that I'm writing, and offloading code that I'm writing, and offloading code that I'm writing, and offloading that logic to the LLM because maybe this that logic to the LLM because maybe this that logic to the LLM because maybe this is something we want to do a little bit is something we want to do a little bit is something we want to do a little bit more dynamically. more dynamically. more dynamically. Okay, so we talked a little bit about Okay, so we talked a little bit about Okay, so we talked a little bit about this enhanced prompt, and you may be this enhanced prompt, and you may be this enhanced prompt, and you may be wondering, what is that What exactly is wondering, what is that What exactly is wondering, what is that What exactly is that enhanced prompt? Well, great that enhanced prompt? Well, great that enhanced prompt? Well, great question. Here is perhaps a JSON question. Here is perhaps a JSON question. Here is perhaps a JSON document that shows examples of pieces document that shows examples of pieces document that shows examples of pieces of information that may be in this of information that may be in this of information that may be in this prompt. So, of course, there there's a prompt. So, of course, there there's a prompt. So, of course, there there's a system prompt that then defines here is system prompt that then defines here is system prompt that then defines here is the persona, the set of capabilities, the persona, the set of capabilities, the persona, the set of capabilities, and maybe some boundary behaviors that and maybe some boundary behaviors that and maybe some boundary behaviors that we have for this particular agent. So, we have for this particular agent. So, we have for this particular agent. So, and then of course, at the bottom then and then of course, at the bottom then and then of course, at the bottom then is the human prompt that was submitted. is the human prompt that was submitted. is the human prompt that was submitted. But the key thing here is all of this But the key thing here is all of this But the key thing here is all of this additional context at the top is additional context at the top is additional context at the top is something that the application is going something that the application is going something that the application is going to provide in addition to the human to provide in addition to the human to provide in addition to the human prompt. So, these are all things that prompt. So, these are all things that prompt. So, these are all things that are perhaps hidden from the user, maybe are perhaps hidden from the user, maybe are perhaps hidden from the user, maybe in our case, the customer support in our case, the customer support in our case, the customer support representative, representative, representative, but that these are all included as part but that these are all included as part but that these are all included as part of that enhanced prompt. And the key of that enhanced prompt. And the key of that enhanced prompt. And the key thing here then is this list of tools. thing here then is this list of tools. thing here then is this list of tools. So, we we talked before about there's So, we we talked before about there's So, we we talked before about there's this list of tools that we're going to this list of tools that we're going to this list of tools that we're going to submit to the LLM to then give it an submit to the LLM to then give it an submit to the LLM to then give it an opportunity to make a decision about opportunity to make a decision about opportunity to make a decision about what additional information the LLM what additional information the LLM what additional information the LLM believes it needs in order to make a believes it needs in order to make a believes it needs in order to make a better choice, or a better better choice, or a better better choice, or a better you know, you know, you know, insight into the data that we want to insight into the data that we want to insight into the data that we want to have. Okay. So, if we then bring this have. Okay. So, if we then bring this have. Okay. So, if we then bring this back to our traditional retail back to our traditional retail back to our traditional retail application, application, application, we then have this application that can we then have this application that can we then have this application that can go and make these tool calls. go and make these tool calls. go and make these tool calls. We can then essentially wrap our We can then essentially wrap our We can then essentially wrap our serverless APIs as tool calls in order serverless APIs as tool calls in order serverless APIs as tool calls in order to then provide these enhanced prompts to then provide these enhanced prompts to then provide these enhanced prompts to the LLM. So, this traditional retail to the LLM. So, this traditional retail to the LLM. So, this traditional retail application is going to recursively make application is going to recursively make application is going to recursively make calls to the LLM. The LLM may be request calls to the LLM. The LLM may be request calls to the LLM. The LLM may be request data, data, data, then makes these tool calls, and then then makes these tool calls, and then then makes these tool calls, and then kind of has this inner of loop. This is kind of has this inner of loop. This is kind of has this inner of loop. This is something that the developer is going to something that the developer is going to something that the developer is going to write this recursive loop for until it write this recursive loop for until it write this recursive loop for until it comes to some type of base condition comes to some type of base condition comes to some type of base condition that says we are complete and we are that says we are complete and we are that says we are complete and we are good to then return some type of good to then return some type of good to then return some type of response back to the end user. response back to the end user. response back to the end user. Okay, so Okay, so Okay, so of course this is now we're talking of course this is now we're talking of course this is now we're talking about agentic applications and what is about agentic applications and what is about agentic applications and what is the difference between what we did the difference between what we did the difference between what we did before and perhaps what is an agent before and perhaps what is an agent before and perhaps what is an agent today? And the key difference here as today? And the key difference here as today? And the key difference here as you'll see at the top there is this you'll see at the top there is this you'll see at the top there is this agentic agentic agentic that where it repeats as needed. So what that where it repeats as needed. So what that where it repeats as needed. So what does that look like? So again we had does that look like? So again we had does that look like? So again we had this prompt, we have our agent now where this prompt, we have our agent now where this prompt, we have our agent now where it invokes this model. it invokes this model. it invokes this model. Again with that list of tools, it gets Again with that list of tools, it gets Again with that list of tools, it gets that response back. Again we went that response back. Again we went that response back. Again we went through this, we execute a tool, we get through this, we execute a tool, we get through this, we execute a tool, we get that result and then of course we repeat that result and then of course we repeat that result and then of course we repeat as as frequently as needed, right? And as as frequently as needed, right? And as as frequently as needed, right? And so it is now the agentic framework that so it is now the agentic framework that so it is now the agentic framework that is going to be handling what how many is going to be handling what how many is going to be handling what how many times do I actually need to loop? Maybe times do I actually need to loop? Maybe times do I actually need to loop? Maybe I need to do this once or maybe I need I need to do this once or maybe I need I need to do this once or maybe I need to do this three times. to do this three times. to do this three times. Um so this is something where we're Um so this is something where we're Um so this is something where we're going to think through this tool going to think through this tool going to think through this tool execution. So we're going to be execution. So we're going to be execution. So we're going to be continuously retrieving context from our continuously retrieving context from our continuously retrieving context from our different knowledge sources via these different knowledge sources via these different knowledge sources via these tool calls so that the LLM has a the tool calls so that the LLM has a the tool calls so that the LLM has a the sufficient amount of information or data sufficient amount of information or data sufficient amount of information or data or context in order to make a good or context in order to make a good or context in order to make a good decision. decision. decision. Okay, and then of course we would then Okay, and then of course we would then Okay, and then of course we would then return that final result. So one thing return that final result. So one thing return that final result. So one thing that we may want to think through then that we may want to think through then that we may want to think through then is we had that serverless API, is we had that serverless API, is we had that serverless API, we perhaps built it as a single we perhaps built it as a single we perhaps built it as a single monolithic agent which is okay to start monolithic agent which is okay to start monolithic agent which is okay to start with, but we we may also want to start with, but we we may also want to start with, but we we may also want to start thinking about do we want to potentially thinking about do we want to potentially thinking about do we want to potentially decompose that similar to what we had decompose that similar to what we had decompose that similar to what we had done before when we had monolithic APIs, done before when we had monolithic APIs, done before when we had monolithic APIs, monolithic large services which again in monolithic large services which again in monolithic large services which again in this audience you probably know all of this audience you probably know all of this audience you probably know all of the challenges around scaling, around the challenges around scaling, around the challenges around scaling, around deployment, around agility. We can start deployment, around agility. We can start deployment, around agility. We can start to apply some of those same principles to apply some of those same principles to apply some of those same principles as you start to think about agents. It's as you start to think about agents. It's as you start to think about agents. It's okay to start with a monolithic agent, okay to start with a monolithic agent, okay to start with a monolithic agent, but maybe as you start to build out the but maybe as you start to build out the but maybe as you start to build out the the case, maybe you want to start to the case, maybe you want to start to the case, maybe you want to start to decompose it. Again, maybe into identic decompose it. Again, maybe into identic decompose it. Again, maybe into identic microservices. And here you see we take microservices. And here you see we take microservices. And here you see we take each of those serverless APIs that we each of those serverless APIs that we each of those serverless APIs that we had before, which again you had done had before, which again you had done had before, which again you had done that decomposition previously, and now that decomposition previously, and now that decomposition previously, and now we start to wrap them around with we start to wrap them around with we start to wrap them around with agents. agents. agents. Now you may be thinking, okay, Now you may be thinking, okay, Now you may be thinking, okay, kind of makes sense, but why might we kind of makes sense, but why might we kind of makes sense, but why might we want to do that? So, one reason you may want to do that? So, one reason you may want to do that? So, one reason you may want to think through is as you build want to think through is as you build want to think through is as you build these domain agents, you can imagine these domain agents, you can imagine these domain agents, you can imagine you're going to have lots of you're going to have lots of you're going to have lots of the business coming back and saying we the business coming back and saying we the business coming back and saying we want additional capabilities. Maybe want additional capabilities. Maybe want additional capabilities. Maybe developers realize that we can extend developers realize that we can extend developers realize that we can extend the capabilities and provide better the capabilities and provide better the capabilities and provide better customer value with these different customer value with these different customer value with these different domain level agents. And so here we have domain level agents. And so here we have domain level agents. And so here we have the inventory agent that is using that the inventory agent that is using that the inventory agent that is using that serverless inventory API, but now we serverless inventory API, but now we serverless inventory API, but now we start to extend it and say, can we add start to extend it and say, can we add start to extend it and say, can we add additional capability? Maybe we're going additional capability? Maybe we're going additional capability? Maybe we're going to add things like find alternative to add things like find alternative to add things like find alternative product recommendations based on the product recommendations based on the product recommendations based on the information that this domain agent information that this domain agent information that this domain agent already has. So this is where you can already has. So this is where you can already has. So this is where you can start to build out additional start to build out additional start to build out additional capabilities capabilities capabilities within a certain scope of within a certain scope of within a certain scope of let's say back office or line of let's say back office or line of let's say back office or line of business capabilities. business capabilities. business capabilities. Okay. So, with that, I'm going to hand Okay. So, with that, I'm going to hand Okay. So, with that, I'm going to hand it over to to Dheeraj. to to Dheeraj. to to Dheeraj. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Hegy. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Hegy. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Hegy. So, So, So, in a nutshell, the the principles that in a nutshell, the the principles that in a nutshell, the the principles that Hegy talked about actually is the Hegy talked about actually is the Hegy talked about actually is the foundation of how you should think about foundation of how you should think about foundation of how you should think about agent and how it has evolved. agent and how it has evolved. agent and how it has evolved. So we started with LLM inferencing, So we started with LLM inferencing, So we started with LLM inferencing, something like rag, which provides something like rag, which provides something like rag, which provides context. Then we talked about tool use, context. Then we talked about tool use, context. Then we talked about tool use, where you can imperatively call where you can imperatively call where you can imperatively call different tools, and then we talked different tools, and then we talked different tools, and then we talked about agents. And my goal here is to about agents. And my goal here is to about agents. And my goal here is to show show show how this is implemented and how you you how this is implemented and how you you how this is implemented and how you you can see that this evolution going from can see that this evolution going from can see that this evolution going from like basics to actually using an agent like basics to actually using an agent like basics to actually using an agent and developing an agent. and developing an agent. and developing an agent. So let's go back to an example that Hegy So let's go back to an example that Hegy So let's go back to an example that Hegy talked about. You have a serverless talked about. You have a serverless talked about. You have a serverless application, you're talking to let's say application, you're talking to let's say application, you're talking to let's say bedrock models, and a user is calling bedrock models, and a user is calling bedrock models, and a user is calling for the same problem that Hege brought for the same problem that Hege brought for the same problem that Hege brought up. up. up. He was charged twice for He was charged twice for He was charged twice for the order. the order. the order. So, how an agent or how do you applica- So, how an agent or how do you applica- So, how an agent or how do you applica- how your application will handle it how your application will handle it how your application will handle it today? today? today? Think about calling an LLM, you have to Think about calling an LLM, you have to Think about calling an LLM, you have to provide all the context like you are an provide all the context like you are an provide all the context like you are an order assistant, these are the tools order assistant, these are the tools order assistant, these are the tools that you have at your disposal, and this that you have at your disposal, and this that you have at your disposal, and this is the question of the user prompt that is the question of the user prompt that is the question of the user prompt that the user has. Now, you have to go and the user has. Now, you have to go and the user has. Now, you have to go and solve this. solve this. solve this. That's where the LLM figures out based That's where the LLM figures out based That's where the LLM figures out based on the information that you have on the information that you have on the information that you have provided on the order, first have to go provided on the order, first have to go provided on the order, first have to go and get the order details, right? And and get the order details, right? And and get the order details, right? And it's the ownership of the application, it's the ownership of the application, it's the ownership of the application, the serverless application to go and the serverless application to go and the serverless application to go and somehow fetch the ownership details. It somehow fetch the ownership details. It somehow fetch the ownership details. It can go and call an API, invoke a lambda can go and call an API, invoke a lambda can go and call an API, invoke a lambda function, and get the res- responses function, and get the res- responses function, and get the res- responses back. And the main part here is once the back. And the main part here is once the back. And the main part here is once the response is received, it has to be fed response is received, it has to be fed response is received, it has to be fed back to the LLM as an additional back to the LLM as an additional back to the LLM as an additional context. context. context. That's how the LLM gets additional That's how the LLM gets additional That's how the LLM gets additional context and can work on the next steps. context and can work on the next steps. context and can work on the next steps. So, as the next steps, it can go and So, as the next steps, it can go and So, as the next steps, it can go and say, "Okay, I have the information. Now, say, "Okay, I have the information. Now, say, "Okay, I have the information. Now, I can have to go and get the invoices." I can have to go and get the invoices." I can have to go and get the invoices." And once you got the invoice, the And once you got the invoice, the And once you got the invoice, the results, and it has to feed that results, and it has to feed that results, and it has to feed that information back to information back to information back to uh the LLM. And finally, uh the LLM. And finally, uh the LLM. And finally, once all of those things are uh figured once all of those things are uh figured once all of those things are uh figured out, then it can start the refund out, then it can start the refund out, then it can start the refund process. process. process. Once the refund process is complete, Once the refund process is complete, Once the refund process is complete, the final response will be sent to the the final response will be sent to the the final response will be sent to the the the user saying that, "Okay, the the the user saying that, "Okay, the the the user saying that, "Okay, the refund was applied." So, you see that uh refund was applied." So, you see that uh refund was applied." So, you see that uh the agentic loop that Hege was talking the agentic loop that Hege was talking the agentic loop that Hege was talking about, without using an agent, we are about, without using an agent, we are about, without using an agent, we are already talking about a loop here. So, already talking about a loop here. So, already talking about a loop here. So, there is a loop where the your there is a loop where the your there is a loop where the your application has to talk to LLM, and LLM application has to talk to LLM, and LLM application has to talk to LLM, and LLM has to respond, and you have to feed or has to respond, and you have to feed or has to respond, and you have to feed or update new context. update new context. update new context. Now, Now, Now, I heard about Step Functions. Like, if I heard about Step Functions. Like, if I heard about Step Functions. Like, if you can do this in Step Functions, you can do this in Step Functions, you can do this in Step Functions, right? In a workflow. right? In a workflow. right? In a workflow. In a workflow, if you want to build In a workflow, if you want to build In a workflow, if you want to build this, these are multiple steps. The most this, these are multiple steps. The most this, these are multiple steps. The most important part is the choice state here. important part is the choice state here. important part is the choice state here. If you can see, the choice state. If you can see, the choice state. If you can see, the choice state. So, every time a tool is executed, you So, every time a tool is executed, you So, every time a tool is executed, you have to figure out in the choice state, have to figure out in the choice state, have to figure out in the choice state, like which tool to use, and like which tool to use, and like which tool to use, and programmatically you have to go and programmatically you have to go and programmatically you have to go and execute that tool, feed that information execute that tool, feed that information execute that tool, feed that information back to the model, so that loop back to the model, so that loop back to the model, so that loop continues in a recursive manner, right? continues in a recursive manner, right? continues in a recursive manner, right? So, we see this as a pattern. So, we see this as a pattern. So, we see this as a pattern. Right? You can do the same thing with Right? You can do the same thing with Right? You can do the same thing with Lambda functions also. Instead of using Lambda functions also. Instead of using Lambda functions also. Instead of using a step function, if you want to write a step function, if you want to write a step function, if you want to write that code in a Lambda function, you can that code in a Lambda function, you can that code in a Lambda function, you can do that. Uh but overall, we see this do that. Uh but overall, we see this do that. Uh but overall, we see this pattern that we have Lambda functions, pattern that we have Lambda functions, pattern that we have Lambda functions, step functions, or your application step functions, or your application step functions, or your application wrote code that is running in Fargate or wrote code that is running in Fargate or wrote code that is running in Fargate or EKS, it has to follow the same pattern, EKS, it has to follow the same pattern, EKS, it has to follow the same pattern, like calling LLM, calling tools, and it like calling LLM, calling tools, and it like calling LLM, calling tools, and it has to go in a loop, right? So, that is has to go in a loop, right? So, that is has to go in a loop, right? So, that is the pattern that we have to build on top the pattern that we have to build on top the pattern that we have to build on top of it. But, let's see what are the of it. But, let's see what are the of it. But, let's see what are the benefits of this pattern. benefits of this pattern. benefits of this pattern. If you go with this tool use with Lambda If you go with this tool use with Lambda If you go with this tool use with Lambda functions or step functions, you can functions or step functions, you can functions or step functions, you can call the existing APIs. If you take call the existing APIs. If you take call the existing APIs. If you take Amazon Bedrock, you can call converse Amazon Bedrock, you can call converse Amazon Bedrock, you can call converse API, invoke API from those API, invoke API from those API, invoke API from those services, like Lambda functions. And services, like Lambda functions. And services, like Lambda functions. And step functions has native integration step functions has native integration step functions has native integration with Bedrock API. with Bedrock API. with Bedrock API. But, the important part is the choice But, the important part is the choice But, the important part is the choice state that I highlighted. state that I highlighted. state that I highlighted. You have to imperatively write the code You have to imperatively write the code You have to imperatively write the code to actually figure out which tool to to actually figure out which tool to to actually figure out which tool to use, right? So, that's use, right? So, that's use, right? So, that's a thing to remember here. a thing to remember here. a thing to remember here. That allows you to build predefined That allows you to build predefined That allows you to build predefined paths for execution. So, paths for execution. So, paths for execution. So, in in most of the cases, you'll you'll in in most of the cases, you'll you'll in in most of the cases, you'll you'll have to create a workflow to create the have to create a workflow to create the have to create a workflow to create the predefined paths. But, what if you want predefined paths. But, what if you want predefined paths. But, what if you want a workflow or a or a process or a loop a workflow or a or a process or a loop a workflow or a or a process or a loop where things can change dynamically where things can change dynamically where things can change dynamically based on the new context, right? In this based on the new context, right? In this based on the new context, right? In this case, if you have to change anything in case, if you have to change anything in case, if you have to change anything in the step function, you have to add a new the step function, you have to add a new the step function, you have to add a new branch to the choice state, and branch to the choice state, and branch to the choice state, and build, develop, uh test, and then build, develop, uh test, and then build, develop, uh test, and then deploy, and then make the changes, deploy, and then make the changes, deploy, and then make the changes, right? So, that's a key thing to right? So, that's a key thing to right? So, that's a key thing to remember. remember. remember. Is there a better way to handle this Is there a better way to handle this Is there a better way to handle this tight coupling? So, if you think about tight coupling? So, if you think about tight coupling? So, if you think about it, there is a tight coupling, right? it, there is a tight coupling, right? it, there is a tight coupling, right? You whatever branches you have from You whatever branches you have from You whatever branches you have from choice state, those are the ones that'll choice state, those are the ones that'll choice state, those are the ones that'll be executed, and that is how much you be executed, and that is how much you be executed, and that is how much you are limited with the LLM C uses. are limited with the LLM C uses. are limited with the LLM C uses. So, how can we make it better so that So, how can we make it better so that So, how can we make it better so that you don't have the tight coupling, but you don't have the tight coupling, but you don't have the tight coupling, but automatically that code execution automatically that code execution automatically that code execution happens happens happens based on which is the right tool that based on which is the right tool that based on which is the right tool that LLM talks about, right? That's where LLM talks about, right? That's where LLM talks about, right? That's where agents come into picture. agents come into picture. agents come into picture. So, the the drastic difference between So, the the drastic difference between So, the the drastic difference between you writing the imperative code you writing the imperative code you writing the imperative code compared to what an agents can do is the compared to what an agents can do is the compared to what an agents can do is the agent has the innate capability of agent has the innate capability of agent has the innate capability of figuring out which tool to invoke figuring out which tool to invoke figuring out which tool to invoke without you writing the choice state. without you writing the choice state. without you writing the choice state. So, here is a agent example where we use So, here is a agent example where we use So, here is a agent example where we use Strands agent. Anybody using Strands Strands agent. Anybody using Strands Strands agent. Anybody using Strands agent yet? Okay, cool. Strands agent is agent yet? Okay, cool. Strands agent is agent yet? Okay, cool. Strands agent is open-source Strands agent SDK, which we open-source Strands agent SDK, which we open-source Strands agent SDK, which we announced couple of months ago. announced couple of months ago. announced couple of months ago. Uh and that's an easy way to get Uh and that's an easy way to get Uh and that's an easy way to get started, and we'll see how it works. started, and we'll see how it works. started, and we'll see how it works. So, now the question is how should I So, now the question is how should I So, now the question is how should I develop an agent? develop an agent? develop an agent? Right, we talk we know how to build Right, we talk we know how to build Right, we talk we know how to build Lambda functions, step functions, but Lambda functions, step functions, but Lambda functions, step functions, but how should I develop an agent? how should I develop an agent? how should I develop an agent? It's as simple as running another It's as simple as running another It's as simple as running another library you want to run in a Lambda library you want to run in a Lambda library you want to run in a Lambda function or any other compute. function or any other compute. function or any other compute. So, Strands agent is a it's a very So, Strands agent is a it's a very So, Strands agent is a it's a very lightweight open-source SDK to build lightweight open-source SDK to build lightweight open-source SDK to build agents, agents, agents, and the most important part that is and the most important part that is and the most important part that is critical to Strands agent is it is model critical to Strands agent is it is model critical to Strands agent is it is model driven, and it relies on the agentic driven, and it relies on the agentic driven, and it relies on the agentic loop capability that He and I have been loop capability that He and I have been loop capability that He and I have been talking about. We'll see how it works. talking about. We'll see how it works. talking about. We'll see how it works. But, how to get started? With Strands But, how to get started? With Strands But, how to get started? With Strands agent, you get started very simple in in agent, you get started very simple in in agent, you get started very simple in in couple of lines. This is a Python code couple of lines. This is a Python code couple of lines. This is a Python code where you import Strands agent as the where you import Strands agent as the where you import Strands agent as the library. library. library. You import some tools. There are some You import some tools. There are some You import some tools. There are some predefined tools that you can import. predefined tools that you can import. predefined tools that you can import. You can define an agent like it is done You can define an agent like it is done You can define an agent like it is done here, and you can here, and you can here, and you can uh provide a prompt to the agent. uh provide a prompt to the agent. uh provide a prompt to the agent. Now, one thing that you don't see here Now, one thing that you don't see here Now, one thing that you don't see here is I have not mentioned about the LLM. is I have not mentioned about the LLM. is I have not mentioned about the LLM. So, Strands agent has this opinionated So, Strands agent has this opinionated So, Strands agent has this opinionated way of using a particular LLM on way of using a particular LLM on way of using a particular LLM on Bedrock. Bedrock. Bedrock. If you don't provide that, if you want If you don't provide that, if you want If you don't provide that, if you want to experiment, you can easily start with to experiment, you can easily start with to experiment, you can easily start with this. And it uses a particular model. I this. And it uses a particular model. I this. And it uses a particular model. I think it uses Claude Sonnet 4.5 right think it uses Claude Sonnet 4.5 right think it uses Claude Sonnet 4.5 right now on Bedrock. But, this is an now on Bedrock. But, this is an now on Bedrock. But, this is an executable code right now. If I want to executable code right now. If I want to executable code right now. If I want to run this as a Python class, it will run run this as a Python class, it will run run this as a Python class, it will run and give me response. and give me response. and give me response. Now, how would the order agent look Now, how would the order agent look Now, how would the order agent look like? So, I showed the like? So, I showed the like? So, I showed the Step Functions workflow. That was the Step Functions workflow. That was the Step Functions workflow. That was the order agent Sorry, order orders order agent Sorry, order orders order agent Sorry, order orders workflow. workflow. workflow. If I want to run the same thing in If I want to run the same thing in If I want to run the same thing in Strands agent SDK for orders, this is Strands agent SDK for orders, this is Strands agent SDK for orders, this is how it would look like in a single how it would look like in a single how it would look like in a single Python class. Python class. Python class. First, you import the Strands agent from First, you import the Strands agent from First, you import the Strands agent from the SDK. the SDK. the SDK. And then, if you see, the most important And then, if you see, the most important And then, if you see, the most important part here is I have just Python methods part here is I have just Python methods part here is I have just Python methods here. here. here. And they are decorated with tools. And they are decorated with tools. And they are decorated with tools. And that decorator is from Strands And that decorator is from Strands And that decorator is from Strands agent, which means you can make any of agent, which means you can make any of agent, which means you can make any of your Python methods act as tools when your Python methods act as tools when your Python methods act as tools when you're working with Strands agent. you're working with Strands agent. you're working with Strands agent. Right? Right? Right? And then, you create a boto session. And then, you create a boto session. And then, you create a boto session. Define which uh region you want to Define which uh region you want to Define which uh region you want to operate or use. Define the model. operate or use. Define the model. operate or use. Define the model. In this case, I'm going one step ahead In this case, I'm going one step ahead In this case, I'm going one step ahead instead of relying on the default model instead of relying on the default model instead of relying on the default model selection that Strands has. I want to go selection that Strands has. I want to go selection that Strands has. I want to go and use Claude Haiku 4.5. and use Claude Haiku 4.5. and use Claude Haiku 4.5. And I define the token counts. I define And I define the token counts. I define And I define the token counts. I define the session. And now, I have everything. the session. And now, I have everything. the session. And now, I have everything. I create the agent. And if you see line I create the agent. And if you see line I create the agent. And if you see line number 111, number 111, number 111, I'm providing all the tools, which are I'm providing all the tools, which are I'm providing all the tools, which are just the method names that I have just the method names that I have just the method names that I have defined up above. defined up above. defined up above. And then, I call the agent. And then, I call the agent. And then, I call the agent. So, the drastic difference between the So, the drastic difference between the So, the drastic difference between the workflow and this one workflow and this one workflow and this one is in no way in this code I have written is in no way in this code I have written is in no way in this code I have written an if-then-else logic or a switch an if-then-else logic or a switch an if-then-else logic or a switch statement. statement. statement. Which means, Which means, Which means, when the new context comes or the when the new context comes or the when the new context comes or the responses come from LLM, responses come from LLM, responses come from LLM, the agent's responsibility is to figure the agent's responsibility is to figure the agent's responsibility is to figure out whether it has to call get orders out whether it has to call get orders out whether it has to call get orders detail or get invoice or start refund detail or get invoice or start refund detail or get invoice or start refund process in whichever order it has to be process in whichever order it has to be process in whichever order it has to be invoked. So, there is no imperative invoked. So, there is no imperative invoked. So, there is no imperative code. So, we move from writing code. So, we move from writing code. So, we move from writing imperative code to actually agent imperative code to actually agent imperative code to actually agent working in a declarative manner and working in a declarative manner and working in a declarative manner and getting things done. getting things done. getting things done. So, So, So, that's one of the major benefit. Let's that's one of the major benefit. Let's that's one of the major benefit. Let's see what else. see what else. see what else. Uh you get inbuilt error handling. Uh you get inbuilt error handling. Uh you get inbuilt error handling. All the best practices of how agents All the best practices of how agents All the best practices of how agents should work is available in Strands should work is available in Strands should work is available in Strands Agent SDK. And this is not limited to Agent SDK. And this is not limited to Agent SDK. And this is not limited to Strands Agent. You can experiment with Strands Agent. You can experiment with Strands Agent. You can experiment with any agentic framework, but Strands Agent any agentic framework, but Strands Agent any agentic framework, but Strands Agent uh is something that I love to work uh is something that I love to work uh is something that I love to work with. It's very lightweight, so it's with. It's very lightweight, so it's with. It's very lightweight, so it's it's very easy to work with. it's very easy to work with. it's very easy to work with. Uh and then most important part is model Uh and then most important part is model Uh and then most important part is model and compute agnostic, which means and compute agnostic, which means and compute agnostic, which means I used Bedrock model, but Strands allows I used Bedrock model, but Strands allows I used Bedrock model, but Strands allows you to work with any model provider, not you to work with any model provider, not you to work with any model provider, not just Bedrock. It can be Anthropic just Bedrock. It can be Anthropic just Bedrock. It can be Anthropic directly, it can be Open AI directly, it directly, it can be Open AI directly, it directly, it can be Open AI directly, it can be a model that is running on can be a model that is running on can be a model that is running on Sagemaker as well. Sagemaker as well. Sagemaker as well. Plus, since it is just a SDK, you can Plus, since it is just a SDK, you can Plus, since it is just a SDK, you can run it in any compute. It can be a run it in any compute. It can be a run it in any compute. It can be a Lambda function, it can be uh Fargate, Lambda function, it can be uh Fargate, Lambda function, it can be uh Fargate, it can be EKS, or it can be your on your it can be EKS, or it can be your on your it can be EKS, or it can be your on your EC2s. EC2s. EC2s. So, that is the important part. Finally, So, that is the important part. Finally, So, that is the important part. Finally, as I mentioned earlier, the major as I mentioned earlier, the major as I mentioned earlier, the major comparison is instead of writing comparison is instead of writing comparison is instead of writing imperative workflows, which are kind of imperative workflows, which are kind of imperative workflows, which are kind of tightly coupled based on the use case, tightly coupled based on the use case, tightly coupled based on the use case, this is much more declarative. So, you this is much more declarative. So, you this is much more declarative. So, you can define a new tool by writing a new can define a new tool by writing a new can define a new tool by writing a new method and provide that tool in the method and provide that tool in the method and provide that tool in the agent uh array, tools array, and then agent uh array, tools array, and then agent uh array, tools array, and then you are done. And the LLM and agent will you are done. And the LLM and agent will you are done. And the LLM and agent will work together to figure out which tool work together to figure out which tool work together to figure out which tool to invoke in which order. to invoke in which order. to invoke in which order. So, now that we have a good So, now that we have a good So, now that we have a good understanding of how a single agent as a understanding of how a single agent as a understanding of how a single agent as a unit uh of work can be built, we have to unit uh of work can be built, we have to unit uh of work can be built, we have to figure out how can you run those agents figure out how can you run those agents figure out how can you run those agents at scale? Because at the end of the day at scale? Because at the end of the day at scale? Because at the end of the day when you run it in production, it will when you run it in production, it will when you run it in production, it will not be one agent running in your not be one agent running in your not be one agent running in your machine. It has to be multiple agents machine. It has to be multiple agents machine. It has to be multiple agents and multiple tools. So, when you want to and multiple tools. So, when you want to and multiple tools. So, when you want to run agents and tools at scale, run agents and tools at scale, run agents and tools at scale, this kind of chaos is what you will aim this kind of chaos is what you will aim this kind of chaos is what you will aim for or look for, right? for or look for, right? for or look for, right? The reason I said chaos is because we The reason I said chaos is because we The reason I said chaos is because we have seen the world when it comes from have seen the world when it comes from have seen the world when it comes from monolithic to microservices and we found monolithic to microservices and we found monolithic to microservices and we found a way out to build and operate a way out to build and operate a way out to build and operate microservices. microservices. microservices. So, there will be agents in your So, there will be agents in your So, there will be agents in your department, your agents, there'll be department, your agents, there'll be department, your agents, there'll be tools that you want to use which are tools that you want to use which are tools that you want to use which are very local to you. very local to you. very local to you. There will be agents and tools in your There will be agents and tools in your There will be agents and tools in your organization. organization. organization. And there will be agents and tools that And there will be agents and tools that And there will be agents and tools that are externally available. are externally available. are externally available. At the end of the day, you don't want to At the end of the day, you don't want to At the end of the day, you don't want to repeat yourself, right? If you have repeat yourself, right? If you have repeat yourself, right? If you have tools that are working for you, your tools that are working for you, your tools that are working for you, your agents should be able to invoke those agents should be able to invoke those agents should be able to invoke those tools instead of you creating those tools instead of you creating those tools instead of you creating those tools again. So, this is how a tools again. So, this is how a tools again. So, this is how a production setup would look like. Our production setup would look like. Our production setup would look like. Our goal is to be here and then run at goal is to be here and then run at goal is to be here and then run at scale. So, for that, we have some scale. So, for that, we have some scale. So, for that, we have some standards that we can rely on and make standards that we can rely on and make standards that we can rely on and make agents work with tools and other agents agents work with tools and other agents agents work with tools and other agents seamlessly. seamlessly. seamlessly. So, let's see. So, let's see. So, let's see. Again, going back to this, my agent can Again, going back to this, my agent can Again, going back to this, my agent can call a tool that is inside the call a tool that is inside the call a tool that is inside the department. My agent would also need to department. My agent would also need to department. My agent would also need to call a tool in the organization. And it call a tool in the organization. And it call a tool in the organization. And it can also call, it should be able to call can also call, it should be able to call can also call, it should be able to call an external tool. So, how do we make an external tool. So, how do we make an external tool. So, how do we make this work? this work? this work? If we don't use any standards, the agent If we don't use any standards, the agent If we don't use any standards, the agent and tool integration would look like and tool integration would look like and tool integration would look like this. You have agents. this. You have agents. this. You have agents. And if I have to use And if I have to use And if I have to use a tool that is supported only for SQL or a tool that is supported only for SQL or a tool that is supported only for SQL or it's a database specific tool, then the it's a database specific tool, then the it's a database specific tool, then the agent has to write a SQL or has to agent has to write a SQL or has to agent has to write a SQL or has to support SQL. And that's the standard of support SQL. And that's the standard of support SQL. And that's the standard of the protocol that has to be used to the protocol that has to be used to the protocol that has to be used to integrate with the database. integrate with the database. integrate with the database. If the agent has to work with a GraphQL If the agent has to work with a GraphQL If the agent has to work with a GraphQL endpoint, then agent has to learn how endpoint, then agent has to learn how endpoint, then agent has to learn how what GraphQL is what GraphQL is what GraphQL is and has to integrate with a GraphQL and has to integrate with a GraphQL and has to integrate with a GraphQL endpoint. Same with restful endpoints. endpoint. Same with restful endpoints. endpoint. Same with restful endpoints. So, now you can see what is happening. So, now you can see what is happening. So, now you can see what is happening. So, agent builders who are building So, agent builders who are building So, agent builders who are building agents, they are responsible for agents, they are responsible for agents, they are responsible for supporting all those different supporting all those different supporting all those different protocols. Right? And on the tool side, protocols. Right? And on the tool side, protocols. Right? And on the tool side, whoever is building tools, they are whoever is building tools, they are whoever is building tools, they are restricted to the scope of tool vendors. restricted to the scope of tool vendors. restricted to the scope of tool vendors. So, if a vendor is only specifically So, if a vendor is only specifically So, if a vendor is only specifically working on databases, working on databases, working on databases, they have to now think about they have to now think about they have to now think about their user bases to grow, their agentic their user bases to grow, their agentic their user bases to grow, their agentic clients to grow. They have to support clients to grow. They have to support clients to grow. They have to support GraphQL or uh REST endpoint, whatever. GraphQL or uh REST endpoint, whatever. GraphQL or uh REST endpoint, whatever. So, it you can see there is a tight So, it you can see there is a tight So, it you can see there is a tight coupling happening when you think about coupling happening when you think about coupling happening when you think about different protocols different protocols different protocols and where agents has to work with and where agents has to work with and where agents has to work with different tools, those different different tools, those different different tools, those different entities, the agent builders and the entities, the agent builders and the entities, the agent builders and the tool builders, have to support different tool builders, have to support different tool builders, have to support different ways of communicating and that's how ways of communicating and that's how ways of communicating and that's how they can they can they can operate together. operate together. operate together. So, that's a tight coupling. So, that's a tight coupling. So, that's a tight coupling. And that's where And that's where And that's where Anthropic Anthropic Anthropic came up with MCP. came up with MCP. came up with MCP. Has anybody heard about MCP? Has anybody heard about MCP? Has anybody heard about MCP? Model Context Protocol. Model Context Protocol. Model Context Protocol. So, what it does, it actually unifies So, what it does, it actually unifies So, what it does, it actually unifies all of those different standards and all of those different standards and all of those different standards and says, "Okay, you don't have to use says, "Okay, you don't have to use says, "Okay, you don't have to use different standards when you want have different standards when you want have different standards when you want have agent to tool agent to tool agent to tool uh integration. We'll use MCP as the uh integration. We'll use MCP as the uh integration. We'll use MCP as the protocol." protocol." protocol." For that, you need an MCP client, which For that, you need an MCP client, which For that, you need an MCP client, which will be used by the agent, and an MCP will be used by the agent, and an MCP will be used by the agent, and an MCP server that has to be hosted by the tool server that has to be hosted by the tool server that has to be hosted by the tool provider. provider. provider. So, now what happens, So, now what happens, So, now what happens, the agent builders will only need to the agent builders will only need to the agent builders will only need to support a single standard, that is MCP, support a single standard, that is MCP, support a single standard, that is MCP, and the tool builders or the tool and the tool builders or the tool and the tool builders or the tool providers will have to make sure that providers will have to make sure that providers will have to make sure that whatever capability they have whatever capability they have whatever capability they have is exposed as an MCP server or MCP is exposed as an MCP server or MCP is exposed as an MCP server or MCP capability. Right? So, how does it look capability. Right? So, how does it look capability. Right? So, how does it look like in the agentic loop? Whenever you like in the agentic loop? Whenever you like in the agentic loop? Whenever you have agents calling tools, have agents calling tools, have agents calling tools, the agent will work as an MCP client the agent will work as an MCP client the agent will work as an MCP client And the tool providers will have we'll And the tool providers will have we'll And the tool providers will have we'll call it as will be the MCP servers. call it as will be the MCP servers. call it as will be the MCP servers. So a single So a single So a single MCP client, a simple MCP client using MCP client, a simple MCP client using MCP client, a simple MCP client using Strands agent would look like this. Strands agent would look like this. Strands agent would look like this. Now if you see here, I have imported Now if you see here, I have imported Now if you see here, I have imported Strands agent and MCP client from Strands agent and MCP client from Strands agent and MCP client from Strands agent because Strands agent Strands agent because Strands agent Strands agent because Strands agent supports MCP client supports MCP client supports MCP client like natively. like natively. like natively. And if you see line number five, And if you see line number five, And if you see line number five, actually I'm calling an external or actually I'm calling an external or actually I'm calling an external or remote MCP server remote MCP server remote MCP server whose job is to go and whose job is to go and whose job is to go and scrape the web. It's a web crawler and scrape the web. It's a web crawler and scrape the web. It's a web crawler and it should give some responses back. it should give some responses back. it should give some responses back. And then I get all the tools that the And then I get all the tools that the And then I get all the tools that the MCP server has to offer. MCP server has to offer. MCP server has to offer. I provide that tool to the agent and I I provide that tool to the agent and I I provide that tool to the agent and I ask a simple question ask a simple question ask a simple question like what are the top five best rated like what are the top five best rated like what are the top five best rated cities in USA grouped by breweries. cities in USA grouped by breweries. cities in USA grouped by breweries. And provide the answer in a tabular And provide the answer in a tabular And provide the answer in a tabular form. Anybody from Denver here? form. Anybody from Denver here? form. Anybody from Denver here? No one? No one? No one? Okay. Because Denver always comes up in Okay. Because Denver always comes up in Okay. Because Denver always comes up in the top the top the top in the when it comes to top five in the when it comes to top five in the when it comes to top five breweries. breweries. breweries. Okay, so this is the answer and I Okay, so this is the answer and I Okay, so this is the answer and I executed this as just a Python executed this as just a Python executed this as just a Python class. class. class. And And And it you can see where I have highlighted it you can see where I have highlighted it you can see where I have highlighted it executed the tool that is provided by it executed the tool that is provided by it executed the tool that is provided by the remote MCP server. the remote MCP server. the remote MCP server. And it provided the response. It's And it provided the response. It's And it provided the response. It's scraped through different pages, scraped through different pages, scraped through different pages, provided the response in a tabular provided the response in a tabular provided the response in a tabular format. So this is a simple example of format. So this is a simple example of format. So this is a simple example of invoking remote MCP servers. invoking remote MCP servers. invoking remote MCP servers. Now if you are building MCP servers Now if you are building MCP servers Now if you are building MCP servers excuse me. excuse me. excuse me. How would it look like from a MCP server How would it look like from a MCP server How would it look like from a MCP server or a tool provider side? or a tool provider side? or a tool provider side? Uh the easy way to start building an MCP Uh the easy way to start building an MCP Uh the easy way to start building an MCP server is using fast MCP. server is using fast MCP. server is using fast MCP. You can import fast MCP and create a You can import fast MCP and create a You can import fast MCP and create a basic basic basic fast MCP server. In in this case I'm fast MCP server. In in this case I'm fast MCP server. In in this case I'm just creating a math server which just just creating a math server which just just creating a math server which just does addition of two numbers. does addition of two numbers. does addition of two numbers. And I've defined these are the tools. And I've defined these are the tools. And I've defined these are the tools. One of the tool is adding two numbers. One of the tool is adding two numbers. One of the tool is adding two numbers. And I've decorated that as MCP tool. And I've decorated that as MCP tool. And I've decorated that as MCP tool. And I'm just running that MCP server And I'm just running that MCP server And I'm just running that MCP server uh at port uh at port uh at port 8,000. 8,000. 8,000. And when I try to run this up, the And when I try to run this up, the And when I try to run this up, the server comes up. It's uh up and ready, server comes up. It's uh up and ready, server comes up. It's uh up and ready, and it should be able to take calls from and it should be able to take calls from and it should be able to take calls from MCP clients. Okay. So, now we saw from the MCP client Okay. So, now we saw from the MCP client Okay. So, now we saw from the MCP client side, how should you be building MCP side, how should you be building MCP side, how should you be building MCP clients and MCP server side, where uh clients and MCP server side, where uh clients and MCP server side, where uh the tool providers should be uh building the tool providers should be uh building the tool providers should be uh building MCP servers. So, coming back to the same MCP servers. So, coming back to the same MCP servers. So, coming back to the same uh uh uh running at scale in production, this is running at scale in production, this is running at scale in production, this is how we ended up with. Any tool how we ended up with. Any tool how we ended up with. Any tool communication that happens from agent communication that happens from agent communication that happens from agent will be over MCP as a protocol, a will be over MCP as a protocol, a will be over MCP as a protocol, a standard. standard. standard. But, what if an agent wants to talk to But, what if an agent wants to talk to But, what if an agent wants to talk to an agent? an agent? an agent? Right? Right? Right? So, there can be a case where agents So, there can be a case where agents So, there can be a case where agents will try to communicate with an agent will try to communicate with an agent will try to communicate with an agent instead of a tool. instead of a tool. instead of a tool. Let's see what happens if we do the same Let's see what happens if we do the same Let's see what happens if we do the same thing without a standard thing without a standard thing without a standard and go from there. So, let's go back to and go from there. So, let's go back to and go from there. So, let's go back to the same use case. Like I was charged the same use case. Like I was charged the same use case. Like I was charged twice, twice, twice, and I have an order agent that is run on and I have an order agent that is run on and I have an order agent that is run on strands, which is an MCP client. It has strands, which is an MCP client. It has strands, which is an MCP client. It has its own tool. It talks to its LLM. It is its own tool. It talks to its LLM. It is its own tool. It talks to its LLM. It is an agentic loop. Think of that orange an agentic loop. Think of that orange an agentic loop. Think of that orange dotted boundary is the dotted boundary is the dotted boundary is the uh is the bounded context of orders uh is the bounded context of orders uh is the bounded context of orders agent, right? agent, right? agent, right? Now, in order to get a proper refund or Now, in order to get a proper refund or Now, in order to get a proper refund or payments, order has to work with a payments, order has to work with a payments, order has to work with a payment domain payment domain payment domain that has the same setup that has the same setup that has the same setup or a similar setup with an agent talking or a similar setup with an agent talking or a similar setup with an agent talking to an LLM and bunch of tools that are to an LLM and bunch of tools that are to an LLM and bunch of tools that are specific to payments. specific to payments. specific to payments. Now, if I don't use any standard, then Now, if I don't use any standard, then Now, if I don't use any standard, then the order agent has to directly talk to the order agent has to directly talk to the order agent has to directly talk to the tools that it is in the the tools that it is in the the tools that it is in the payments domain. payments domain. payments domain. Which means we see a scope creep. we see a scope creep. we see a scope creep. Now, the order agent has to understand Now, the order agent has to understand Now, the order agent has to understand what are the tools available in payments what are the tools available in payments what are the tools available in payments domain. So, if you think about it, this domain. So, if you think about it, this domain. So, if you think about it, this is the same we are we are back to square is the same we are we are back to square is the same we are we are back to square one when we think about domain driven one when we think about domain driven one when we think about domain driven design and building microservices. I design and building microservices. I design and building microservices. I think everybody here will be aware of think everybody here will be aware of think everybody here will be aware of uh domain driven design and why should uh domain driven design and why should uh domain driven design and why should we think about bonding bounded context. we think about bonding bounded context. we think about bonding bounded context. So, there is a scope creep. So, there is a scope creep. So, there is a scope creep. You run tools from different domains, so You run tools from different domains, so You run tools from different domains, so you don't know uh our order agent will you don't know uh our order agent will you don't know uh our order agent will not know what tools it it has to get not know what tools it it has to get not know what tools it it has to get from payments domain what are the from payments domain what are the from payments domain what are the authentication and authorization authentication and authorization authentication and authorization requirements it has to work through. requirements it has to work through. requirements it has to work through. There is an ownership leakage because There is an ownership leakage because There is an ownership leakage because payments domain has to own its tool and payments domain has to own its tool and payments domain has to own its tool and somehow has to make sure that it is somehow has to make sure that it is somehow has to make sure that it is exposed to other agents in a way without exposed to other agents in a way without exposed to other agents in a way without uh without other agents directly uh without other agents directly uh without other agents directly invoking the tools if you think about invoking the tools if you think about invoking the tools if you think about it. it. it. Last but not the least, if payments Last but not the least, if payments Last but not the least, if payments agent is actually continuously revising agent is actually continuously revising agent is actually continuously revising its tools or how to work with tools, its tools or how to work with tools, its tools or how to work with tools, then the order agent has to keep up. then the order agent has to keep up. then the order agent has to keep up. Otherwise, Otherwise, Otherwise, it it might fail. it it might fail. it it might fail. So, how would it look like if we go one So, how would it look like if we go one So, how would it look like if we go one step up and do inter-agent communication step up and do inter-agent communication step up and do inter-agent communication with MCP? with MCP? with MCP? &gt;&gt; Because we figured out MCP is a &gt;&gt; Because we figured out MCP is a &gt;&gt; Because we figured out MCP is a standard. standard. standard. &gt;&gt; And an agent can talk to tools, why not &gt;&gt; And an agent can talk to tools, why not &gt;&gt; And an agent can talk to tools, why not the payment agent work as a tool for the payment agent work as a tool for the payment agent work as a tool for orders agent? orders agent? orders agent? Right? Right? Right? That's doable. It's better than not That's doable. It's better than not That's doable. It's better than not having a standard. having a standard. having a standard. Because it relies on MCP as the Because it relies on MCP as the Because it relies on MCP as the protocol. protocol. protocol. But the payment agent is used as a tool. But the payment agent is used as a tool. But the payment agent is used as a tool. Which means the order agent has to Which means the order agent has to Which means the order agent has to discover discover discover what this agent is capable of or what what this agent is capable of or what what this agent is capable of or what are the tools that are available for are the tools that are available for are the tools that are available for this agent. And the agent should somehow this agent. And the agent should somehow this agent. And the agent should somehow be able to figure out, "Hey, I have be able to figure out, "Hey, I have be able to figure out, "Hey, I have tools A, B, C to work with. tools A, B, C to work with. tools A, B, C to work with. Reach out to me using MCP and I'll have Reach out to me using MCP and I'll have Reach out to me using MCP and I'll have to delegate all of my MCP calls to my to delegate all of my MCP calls to my to delegate all of my MCP calls to my tools." tools." tools." And then, And then, And then, if you look at it, and the MCP uh sorry, if you look at it, and the MCP uh sorry, if you look at it, and the MCP uh sorry, payments agent must act as an MCP server payments agent must act as an MCP server payments agent must act as an MCP server for orders agent. And it has to act as for orders agent. And it has to act as for orders agent. And it has to act as an MCP client for its own tools. an MCP client for its own tools. an MCP client for its own tools. Right? Right? Right? Can we do it better? Can we do it better? Can we do it better? That's where Google came up with That's where Google came up with That's where Google came up with agent-to-agent, which is A2A. agent-to-agent, which is A2A. agent-to-agent, which is A2A. It's a standardized protocol for AI It's a standardized protocol for AI It's a standardized protocol for AI agents agents agents to discover capabilities of existing or to discover capabilities of existing or to discover capabilities of existing or other agents, exchange task, and other agents, exchange task, and other agents, exchange task, and collaborate on complex workflows. collaborate on complex workflows. collaborate on complex workflows. We'll see how it would look like uh if We'll see how it would look like uh if We'll see how it would look like uh if you want to start building with A2A. you want to start building with A2A. you want to start building with A2A. If you take orders agent and payments If you take orders agent and payments If you take orders agent and payments agent, agent, agent, the first thing that the order agent the first thing that the order agent the first thing that the order agent will ask payment agent uh if payment will ask payment agent uh if payment will ask payment agent uh if payment agent is the A2A server is give me your agent is the A2A server is give me your agent is the A2A server is give me your capabilities. Give me your agent card. capabilities. Give me your agent card. capabilities. Give me your agent card. And the agent card will have all the And the agent card will have all the And the agent card will have all the details, the name, the version, the details, the name, the version, the details, the name, the version, the description of the agent, and the description of the agent, and the description of the agent, and the skills. The agent will have skills and skills. The agent will have skills and skills. The agent will have skills and capabilities, and that is kind of capabilities, and that is kind of capabilities, and that is kind of abstracting of how this agent works with abstracting of how this agent works with abstracting of how this agent works with its own tools. its own tools. its own tools. From those skills and capabilities From those skills and capabilities From those skills and capabilities capabilities and what are the supported capabilities and what are the supported capabilities and what are the supported modalities, modalities, modalities, what are the ways to authenticate and what are the ways to authenticate and what are the ways to authenticate and authorize, all of those will be present authorize, all of those will be present authorize, all of those will be present in the model card. in the model card. in the model card. Now, the order agent has the model card. Now, the order agent has the model card. Now, the order agent has the model card. It can figure out how to work with the It can figure out how to work with the It can figure out how to work with the agent. It'll create a task for the agent. It'll create a task for the agent. It'll create a task for the payments agent. payments agent. payments agent. And then it'll process this task. In the And then it'll process this task. In the And then it'll process this task. In the meantime, if there is more information meantime, if there is more information meantime, if there is more information required from the payments agent as an required from the payments agent as an required from the payments agent as an A2A server or from the order agent as an A2A server or from the order agent as an A2A server or from the order agent as an A2A client, they'll be able to A2A client, they'll be able to A2A client, they'll be able to communicate. communicate. communicate. And finally, the results will be And finally, the results will be And finally, the results will be returned back to the order agent. returned back to the order agent. returned back to the order agent. Okay? Okay? Okay? So, now evolving from just using MCP, So, now evolving from just using MCP, So, now evolving from just using MCP, this is how it would look like if you this is how it would look like if you this is how it would look like if you use A2A. use A2A. use A2A. So, it's similar to the concept of So, it's similar to the concept of So, it's similar to the concept of uh using choreography for uh using choreography for uh using choreography for in between domains and orchestration in between domains and orchestration in between domains and orchestration inside your domain. So, it has MCP inside your domain. So, it has MCP inside your domain. So, it has MCP you're using MCP when the agent has to you're using MCP when the agent has to you're using MCP when the agent has to talk to a tool, talk to a tool, talk to a tool, and you're using A2A when an agent has and you're using A2A when an agent has and you're using A2A when an agent has to talk to an agent. So, what are the to talk to an agent. So, what are the to talk to an agent. So, what are the improvements? improvements? improvements? Now, your payments agent has uh is like Now, your payments agent has uh is like Now, your payments agent has uh is like it is it is a specialized agent and it it is it is a specialized agent and it it is it is a specialized agent and it has capabilities to do everything that has capabilities to do everything that has capabilities to do everything that it has to do related to payments and it has to do related to payments and it has to do related to payments and exposes our agent card. exposes our agent card. exposes our agent card. Now, the payment agent doesn't leak the Now, the payment agent doesn't leak the Now, the payment agent doesn't leak the domain knowledge domain knowledge domain knowledge because the agent card is taking care of because the agent card is taking care of because the agent card is taking care of how external agent should be interacting how external agent should be interacting how external agent should be interacting with payments agent. with payments agent. with payments agent. And then the A2A as a as a standard as a And then the A2A as a as a standard as a And then the A2A as a as a standard as a protocol, it supports both sync and protocol, it supports both sync and protocol, it supports both sync and async communications. So, it can happen async communications. So, it can happen async communications. So, it can happen where the payments agent can where the payments agent can where the payments agent can asynchronously call or send some asynchronously call or send some asynchronously call or send some responses and order agent can responses and order agent can responses and order agent can provide a webhook or something and it provide a webhook or something and it provide a webhook or something and it can get that information back without can get that information back without can get that information back without waiting on payments agent response. waiting on payments agent response. waiting on payments agent response. Okay? Okay? Okay? So, this is an overall picture of how So, this is an overall picture of how So, this is an overall picture of how agent-to-agent will work. agent-to-agent will work. agent-to-agent will work. Now, can we go one level up? Can we Now, can we go one level up? Can we Now, can we go one level up? Can we bring event-driven with A2A and MCP? bring event-driven with A2A and MCP? bring event-driven with A2A and MCP? I'll go back to the same I'll go back to the same I'll go back to the same uh example like uh example like uh example like you have you have you have This is where we left off in the This is where we left off in the This is where we left off in the previous slide like the agentic loop of previous slide like the agentic loop of previous slide like the agentic loop of orders agent and payments agent and A2A orders agent and payments agent and A2A orders agent and payments agent and A2A for inter-agent communication and MCP for inter-agent communication and MCP for inter-agent communication and MCP for communication inside the domain and for communication inside the domain and for communication inside the domain and we have this uh request coming in that I we have this uh request coming in that I we have this uh request coming in that I was charged twice for my order. was charged twice for my order. was charged twice for my order. Can we use event-driven architecture? Can we use event-driven architecture? Can we use event-driven architecture? Believe we can. Believe we can. Believe we can. And that will allow you to get more And that will allow you to get more And that will allow you to get more benefits. What if that request comes as benefits. What if that request comes as benefits. What if that request comes as an API call and you have an event an API call and you have an event an API call and you have an event producer that accepts that API call producer that accepts that API call producer that accepts that API call with a rest endpoint and lambda with a rest endpoint and lambda with a rest endpoint and lambda functions functions functions and then they emit events to event and then they emit events to event and then they emit events to event broker like event bridge. broker like event bridge. broker like event bridge. Now, you have an event going to orders Now, you have an event going to orders Now, you have an event going to orders agent saying that order support placed. agent saying that order support placed. agent saying that order support placed. Order agent can work with payments agent Order agent can work with payments agent Order agent can work with payments agent using uh, A2A and using MCP for its own using uh, A2A and using MCP for its own using uh, A2A and using MCP for its own uh, work and then ultimately send an uh, work and then ultimately send an uh, work and then ultimately send an event back saying that the order support event back saying that the order support event back saying that the order support is completed. is completed. is completed. Now, that event can be captured by the Now, that event can be captured by the Now, that event can be captured by the broker again and now I have broker again and now I have broker again and now I have another event consumer whose work is to another event consumer whose work is to another event consumer whose work is to notify the end user notify the end user notify the end user which can use web socket and lambda and which can use web socket and lambda and which can use web socket and lambda and then ultimately notify the end user. then ultimately notify the end user. then ultimately notify the end user. So, what is the benefit of using this? So, what is the benefit of using this? So, what is the benefit of using this? We talked about MCP, we talked about A2A We talked about MCP, we talked about A2A We talked about MCP, we talked about A2A standard, but why EDA? standard, but why EDA? standard, but why EDA? Why event-driven architecture? Why event-driven architecture? Why event-driven architecture? So, the main benefits is that it applies So, the main benefits is that it applies So, the main benefits is that it applies to every application that we built using to every application that we built using to every application that we built using EDA. EDA. EDA. It's loose coupling. It's loose coupling. It's loose coupling. So, when you bring loose coupling with So, when you bring loose coupling with So, when you bring loose coupling with intelligent coordination, intelligent coordination, intelligent coordination, you build something really powerful. you build something really powerful. you build something really powerful. The agent is autonomously working and it The agent is autonomously working and it The agent is autonomously working and it is doing its work is doing its work is doing its work and at the same time, you have the and at the same time, you have the and at the same time, you have the capability of emitting events to agent capability of emitting events to agent capability of emitting events to agent and not wait for the agent to send and not wait for the agent to send and not wait for the agent to send responses back. Which means you can responses back. Which means you can responses back. Which means you can scale really well without depending on scale really well without depending on scale really well without depending on or failing when the agent fails. or failing when the agent fails. or failing when the agent fails. You can get context over event handling. You can get context over event handling. You can get context over event handling. So, MCP provides a standardized way for So, MCP provides a standardized way for So, MCP provides a standardized way for agents to access contextual information agents to access contextual information agents to access contextual information when it comes to databases, APIs, et when it comes to databases, APIs, et when it comes to databases, APIs, et cetera. cetera. cetera. But, an agent receiving a customer But, an agent receiving a customer But, an agent receiving a customer inquiry event can automatically fetch inquiry event can automatically fetch inquiry event can automatically fetch those contexts and it can work those contexts and it can work those contexts and it can work independently of other agents. independently of other agents. independently of other agents. As I mentioned, you can scale agents As I mentioned, you can scale agents As I mentioned, you can scale agents because because because the event that we talked about, order the event that we talked about, order the event that we talked about, order placed, order support placed, placed, order support placed, placed, order support placed, I just showed you the order agent I just showed you the order agent I just showed you the order agent working, but what if there are different working, but what if there are different working, but what if there are different other agents that are actually working other agents that are actually working other agents that are actually working on that event? They can start working on on that event? They can start working on on that event? They can start working on that particular event type without that particular event type without that particular event type without touching on order agent or without touching on order agent or without touching on order agent or without doing anything with the order agent. So, doing anything with the order agent. So, doing anything with the order agent. So, you can parallelly invoke different you can parallelly invoke different you can parallelly invoke different agents when it comes to event-driven agents when it comes to event-driven agents when it comes to event-driven architecture. architecture. architecture. The other important aspect is the The other important aspect is the The other important aspect is the asynchronous intelligence. So, asynchronous intelligence. So, asynchronous intelligence. So, when something happened in inside your when something happened in inside your when something happened in inside your system, when system, when system, when something happens in this For example, something happens in this For example, something happens in this For example, let's say a support ticket was created let's say a support ticket was created let's say a support ticket was created or a payment was asked or misplaced or a payment was asked or misplaced or a payment was asked or misplaced order. order. order. When you convert that to an event, When you convert that to an event, When you convert that to an event, you don't have to invoke an agent you don't have to invoke an agent you don't have to invoke an agent synchronously anymore because now that synchronously anymore because now that synchronously anymore because now that event will be actually invoking or the event will be actually invoking or the event will be actually invoking or the agent will come back to life when the agent will come back to life when the agent will come back to life when the event is received. event is received. event is received. So, it can work asynchronously and do So, it can work asynchronously and do So, it can work asynchronously and do some lot of intelligent automation for some lot of intelligent automation for some lot of intelligent automation for you. you. you. Overall, Overall, Overall, you get observability and auditability you get observability and auditability you get observability and auditability because when you use an event broker, because when you use an event broker, because when you use an event broker, you're capturing all the events that are you're capturing all the events that are you're capturing all the events that are going to the broker. going to the broker. going to the broker. And if an agent fails, And if an agent fails, And if an agent fails, you can replay those events and you can you can replay those events and you can you can replay those events and you can re-trigger those agents and make it re-trigger those agents and make it re-trigger those agents and make it work. work. work. So, that's another capability. And it's So, that's another capability. And it's So, that's another capability. And it's a resilient because a resilient because a resilient because uh it's decoupled and if if the payment uh it's decoupled and if if the payment uh it's decoupled and if if the payment agent fails or if the order agent fails, agent fails or if the order agent fails, agent fails or if the order agent fails, you'll still be getting those events and you'll still be getting those events and you'll still be getting those events and you can gracefully degrade by bringing you can gracefully degrade by bringing you can gracefully degrade by bringing up another agent or another application up another agent or another application up another agent or another application to work on those events. to work on those events. to work on those events. So, overall, these are the So, overall, these are the So, overall, these are the benefits of using all those open benefits of using all those open benefits of using all those open standards with the event-driven standards with the event-driven standards with the event-driven architecture. If you have to add a new architecture. If you have to add a new architecture. If you have to add a new agent, you don't have to touch anything agent, you don't have to touch anything agent, you don't have to touch anything around what you have already set up. around what you have already set up. around what you have already set up. Like if you if you see the if you Like if you if you see the if you Like if you if you see the if you If I want to add a new agent to this If I want to add a new agent to this If I want to add a new agent to this setup, setup, setup, which has to work on the order support which has to work on the order support which has to work on the order support placed event, I don't have to touch placed event, I don't have to touch placed event, I don't have to touch anything here. anything here. anything here. I'll just add that agent, subscribe to I'll just add that agent, subscribe to I'll just add that agent, subscribe to the new event, and keep on going. So, my the new event, and keep on going. So, my the new event, and keep on going. So, my like a blast radius will be smaller. I like a blast radius will be smaller. I like a blast radius will be smaller. I don't have to test everything. don't have to test everything. don't have to test everything. Cool? Cool? Cool? So, now that we know how you build So, now that we know how you build So, now that we know how you build the patterns, event-driven the patterns, event-driven the patterns, event-driven architectures, the standards, etc. The architectures, the standards, etc. The architectures, the standards, etc. The next question is how will I run it on next question is how will I run it on next question is how will I run it on AWS? And that's where I have Higgy to AWS? And that's where I have Higgy to AWS? And that's where I have Higgy to talk more about how can you deploy talk more about how can you deploy talk more about how can you deploy agents and tools and on serverless agents and tools and on serverless agents and tools and on serverless computer. computer. computer. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Cool. Thank you, Dheeraj. Thank you, Dheeraj. Thank you, Dheeraj. So far we talked about tool calls and So far we talked about tool calls and So far we talked about tool calls and these agentic frameworks. This allows us these agentic frameworks. This allows us these agentic frameworks. This allows us to use the LLM to reason through to use the LLM to reason through to use the LLM to reason through completing these tasks or requests on completing these tasks or requests on completing these tasks or requests on behalf of your end users. Um we also behalf of your end users. Um we also behalf of your end users. Um we also want to then use these agentic want to then use these agentic want to then use these agentic frameworks and these tool calls to be frameworks and these tool calls to be frameworks and these tool calls to be able to get additional data context so able to get additional data context so able to get additional data context so that the LLM has addi- the appropriate that the LLM has addi- the appropriate that the LLM has addi- the appropriate amount of information to adequately amount of information to adequately amount of information to adequately process whatever this request might be. process whatever this request might be. process whatever this request might be. Uh and then Dheeraj talked about a bunch Uh and then Dheeraj talked about a bunch Uh and then Dheeraj talked about a bunch of these open standards, ways that we of these open standards, ways that we of these open standards, ways that we can uh make sure that uh developers of can uh make sure that uh developers of can uh make sure that uh developers of different teams are doing this in a different teams are doing this in a different teams are doing this in a uniform way that makes it simpler for uniform way that makes it simpler for uniform way that makes it simpler for you to then operate in production. So, you to then operate in production. So, you to then operate in production. So, let's think through a little bit of how let's think through a little bit of how let's think through a little bit of how we then do this using some serverless we then do this using some serverless we then do this using some serverless capabilities here on AWS. And so, we're capabilities here on AWS. And so, we're capabilities here on AWS. And so, we're going to think through some patterns going to think through some patterns going to think through some patterns here. We're going to go through here. We're going to go through here. We're going to go through serverless functions with Lambda. We'll serverless functions with Lambda. We'll serverless functions with Lambda. We'll do some uh serverless containers with uh do some uh serverless containers with uh do some uh serverless containers with uh Fargate. And then of course, we'll do a Fargate. And then of course, we'll do a Fargate. And then of course, we'll do a quick uh dive into Agent Core which went quick uh dive into Agent Core which went quick uh dive into Agent Core which went GA about a month or two ago. And we'll GA about a month or two ago. And we'll GA about a month or two ago. And we'll we'll look through some of these uh we'll look through some of these uh we'll look through some of these uh deployment patterns and how you can deployment patterns and how you can deployment patterns and how you can actually apply this into your actually apply this into your actually apply this into your organization. organization. organization. Before we do that, let's take a quick Before we do that, let's take a quick Before we do that, let's take a quick high-level view of like what does it high-level view of like what does it high-level view of like what does it look like as a developer as you're look like as a developer as you're look like as a developer as you're building out these capabilities. And the building out these capabilities. And the building out these capabilities. And the first thing is that foundation first thing is that foundation first thing is that foundation capability which Dheeraj spent a bunch capability which Dheeraj spent a bunch capability which Dheeraj spent a bunch of time talking through is you can of time talking through is you can of time talking through is you can select whatever agentic framework you're select whatever agentic framework you're select whatever agentic framework you're going to use. Of course, here at AWS, we going to use. Of course, here at AWS, we going to use. Of course, here at AWS, we love Strands, but we've also seen some love Strands, but we've also seen some love Strands, but we've also seen some of our customers choose uh alternate of our customers choose uh alternate of our customers choose uh alternate open source frameworks. open source frameworks. open source frameworks. And the beauty here is that you can take And the beauty here is that you can take And the beauty here is that you can take whatever framework that you're going to whatever framework that you're going to whatever framework that you're going to use. Again, I'll just talk about use. Again, I'll just talk about use. Again, I'll just talk about Strands. And you can develop that Strands. And you can develop that Strands. And you can develop that locally, do a lot of testing locally. locally, do a lot of testing locally. locally, do a lot of testing locally. Then you can package it up in whatever Then you can package it up in whatever Then you can package it up in whatever uh artifact is required for your compute uh artifact is required for your compute uh artifact is required for your compute target which we're going to talk about target which we're going to talk about target which we're going to talk about momentarily. momentarily. momentarily. So, you have that same experience of So, you have that same experience of So, you have that same experience of developing locally and also deploying developing locally and also deploying developing locally and also deploying into production. into production. into production. And then of course, when you're then And then of course, when you're then And then of course, when you're then exposing these, whether that's these are exposing these, whether that's these are exposing these, whether that's these are in private VPCs, again, maybe you have a in private VPCs, again, maybe you have a in private VPCs, again, maybe you have a a requirement that's internal only. I a requirement that's internal only. I a requirement that's internal only. I think we were talking about that earlier think we were talking about that earlier think we were talking about that earlier with some of the audience, where you with some of the audience, where you with some of the audience, where you have internal only private network have internal only private network have internal only private network capabilities, or maybe you're actually capabilities, or maybe you're actually capabilities, or maybe you're actually providing this as a service to your end providing this as a service to your end providing this as a service to your end customers. So, necessarily these become customers. So, necessarily these become customers. So, necessarily these become public endpoints. Right? And so, if public endpoints. Right? And so, if public endpoints. Right? And so, if you're going to be doing this with you're going to be doing this with you're going to be doing this with Fargate, of course, you're going to Fargate, of course, you're going to Fargate, of course, you're going to perhaps use an ALB, and that will become perhaps use an ALB, and that will become perhaps use an ALB, and that will become the ingress mechanism for all requests the ingress mechanism for all requests the ingress mechanism for all requests coming into uh your agent application. coming into uh your agent application. coming into uh your agent application. How you'll be exposing that in this How you'll be exposing that in this How you'll be exposing that in this scenario is just going to be a as a scenario is just going to be a as a scenario is just going to be a as a simple HTTP web interface. simple HTTP web interface. simple HTTP web interface. Now, if you're going to be doing this Now, if you're going to be doing this Now, if you're going to be doing this with Lambda, perhaps you're going to with Lambda, perhaps you're going to with Lambda, perhaps you're going to have API Gateway in front of it. You're have API Gateway in front of it. You're have API Gateway in front of it. You're going to have all of the nice things going to have all of the nice things going to have all of the nice things that API Gateway provides you, like an that API Gateway provides you, like an that API Gateway provides you, like an authorizer, WAF integration, CloudFront authorizer, WAF integration, CloudFront authorizer, WAF integration, CloudFront integration, etc. integration, etc. integration, etc. And now what you'll use is you're going And now what you'll use is you're going And now what you'll use is you're going to use that Lambda handler that we love, to use that Lambda handler that we love, to use that Lambda handler that we love, and integrate that with that HTTP and integrate that with that HTTP and integrate that with that HTTP interface for your agent application. interface for your agent application. interface for your agent application. And then last but not least, we'll cover And then last but not least, we'll cover And then last but not least, we'll cover a little bit of Agent Core in a moment, a little bit of Agent Core in a moment, a little bit of Agent Core in a moment, where that is similar to your Fargate where that is similar to your Fargate where that is similar to your Fargate scenario, where you're going to have scenario, where you're going to have scenario, where you're going to have your regular agent application. Uh with your regular agent application. Uh with your regular agent application. Uh with Agent Core then, we're going to actually Agent Core then, we're going to actually Agent Core then, we're going to actually just use import some dependencies, and just use import some dependencies, and just use import some dependencies, and then we're going to actually do a little then we're going to actually do a little then we're going to actually do a little bit of annotation, which which again, bit of annotation, which which again, bit of annotation, which which again, we're going to show you momentarily. The we're going to show you momentarily. The we're going to show you momentarily. The beauty here is that these are all beauty here is that these are all beauty here is that these are all different options depending on what your different options depending on what your different options depending on what your organization uh necessarily requires. Uh organization uh necessarily requires. Uh organization uh necessarily requires. Uh you know, I've talked to some customers you know, I've talked to some customers you know, I've talked to some customers where some of them say, "You know what? where some of them say, "You know what? where some of them say, "You know what? All of our artifacts are going to be All of our artifacts are going to be All of our artifacts are going to be container artifacts, because we've built container artifacts, because we've built container artifacts, because we've built out um our CI pipelines to do all of our out um our CI pipelines to do all of our out um our CI pipelines to do all of our testing, security scanning, all of the testing, security scanning, all of the testing, security scanning, all of the governance mechanisms based on a governance mechanisms based on a governance mechanisms based on a container-based artifact." Um if that's container-based artifact." Um if that's container-based artifact." Um if that's the case, then you may actually make uh the case, then you may actually make uh the case, then you may actually make uh certain choices about how you're going certain choices about how you're going certain choices about how you're going to be deploying your artifacts. to be deploying your artifacts. to be deploying your artifacts. Uh alternatively, if you love Lambda and Uh alternatively, if you love Lambda and Uh alternatively, if you love Lambda and you love that zip artifact deployment, you love that zip artifact deployment, you love that zip artifact deployment, that could be one uh approach that that could be one uh approach that that could be one uh approach that you're going to be using. And we're you're going to be using. And we're you're going to be using. And we're going to talk through some of these going to talk through some of these going to talk through some of these patterns, uh and we'll go through these patterns, uh and we'll go through these patterns, uh and we'll go through these um um um one by one. So, of course, the first one one by one. So, of course, the first one one by one. So, of course, the first one would be if you're using ECS Fargate, would be if you're using ECS Fargate, would be if you're using ECS Fargate, again, you have a pipeline based on again, you have a pipeline based on again, you have a pipeline based on containers. Again, you're going to containers. Again, you're going to containers. Again, you're going to standardize on ECR or Elastic Container, standardize on ECR or Elastic Container, standardize on ECR or Elastic Container, uh, repository. So, your agent uh, repository. So, your agent uh, repository. So, your agent application, again, you're going to application, again, you're going to application, again, you're going to build that Dockerfile. You'll then build that Dockerfile. You'll then build that Dockerfile. You'll then bundle that as a container image bundle that as a container image bundle that as a container image locally, push that into your ECR image, locally, push that into your ECR image, locally, push that into your ECR image, uh, into your ECR repository, and then uh, into your ECR repository, and then uh, into your ECR repository, and then deploy that into, uh, Fargate, right, deploy that into, uh, Fargate, right, deploy that into, uh, Fargate, right, with the ELB ALB in front of it. And in with the ELB ALB in front of it. And in with the ELB ALB in front of it. And in this scenario, it's just that, like, uh, this scenario, it's just that, like, uh, this scenario, it's just that, like, uh, Deeraj had shared before, this is that Deeraj had shared before, this is that Deeraj had shared before, this is that Fast API and Strand's application or Fast API and Strand's application or Fast API and Strand's application or maybe that Fast MCP application. maybe that Fast MCP application. maybe that Fast MCP application. Next, of course, then is as this Next, of course, then is as this Next, of course, then is as this audience is probably familiar with, as audience is probably familiar with, as audience is probably familiar with, as your Lambda function, you have both your your Lambda function, you have both your your Lambda function, you have both your zip and container deployment artifact, zip and container deployment artifact, zip and container deployment artifact, and this then allows you to give get and this then allows you to give get and this then allows you to give get that API Gateway to Lambda, um, that API Gateway to Lambda, um, that API Gateway to Lambda, um, deployment architecture. deployment architecture. deployment architecture. You can similarly do the same thing if You can similarly do the same thing if You can similarly do the same thing if you're doing MCP server. So, we spent a you're doing MCP server. So, we spent a you're doing MCP server. So, we spent a bunch of time, uh, talking about agent bunch of time, uh, talking about agent bunch of time, uh, talking about agent frameworks, whether you're using Strands frameworks, whether you're using Strands frameworks, whether you're using Strands or otherwise. You could do similar, or otherwise. You could do similar, or otherwise. You could do similar, again, Deeraj showed an example of being again, Deeraj showed an example of being again, Deeraj showed an example of being able to do these MCP servers, as well. able to do these MCP servers, as well. able to do these MCP servers, as well. That same architecture can actually That same architecture can actually That same architecture can actually apply in this serverless paradigm. So, apply in this serverless paradigm. So, apply in this serverless paradigm. So, again, whether you're doing it with API again, whether you're doing it with API again, whether you're doing it with API Gateway and Lambda, again, you have Gateway and Lambda, again, you have Gateway and Lambda, again, you have those same artifacts, or you can, uh, do those same artifacts, or you can, uh, do those same artifacts, or you can, uh, do that into your Fargate. So, the nice that into your Fargate. So, the nice that into your Fargate. So, the nice thing again here is that, uh, you have thing again here is that, uh, you have thing again here is that, uh, you have that local developer experience building that local developer experience building that local developer experience building out that framework, again, with your out that framework, again, with your out that framework, again, with your local MCP servers. You could then do local MCP servers. You could then do local MCP servers. You could then do things like MCP Inspector to connect to things like MCP Inspector to connect to things like MCP Inspector to connect to that, uh, MCP server locally, and to do that, uh, MCP server locally, and to do that, uh, MCP server locally, and to do some amount of testing before you do some amount of testing before you do some amount of testing before you do that deployment. that deployment. that deployment. Um, similarly, so, Deeraj shared before Um, similarly, so, Deeraj shared before Um, similarly, so, Deeraj shared before about that order, uh, and and payments about that order, uh, and and payments about that order, uh, and and payments agent scenario. So, if we're going to agent scenario. So, if we're going to agent scenario. So, if we're going to actually apply that scenario and do this actually apply that scenario and do this actually apply that scenario and do this now with API Gateway and Lambda, with now with API Gateway and Lambda, with now with API Gateway and Lambda, with all of these serverless capabilities all of these serverless capabilities all of these serverless capabilities that we already love, in this scenario, that we already love, in this scenario, that we already love, in this scenario, the order agent, uh, acts as the, um, the order agent, uh, acts as the, um, the order agent, uh, acts as the, um, as the client, uh, to the payments as the client, uh, to the payments as the client, uh, to the payments agent. So, you can imagine having just a agent. So, you can imagine having just a agent. So, you can imagine having just a client that connects to the uh API client that connects to the uh API client that connects to the uh API Gateway endpoint for the payments agent, Gateway endpoint for the payments agent, Gateway endpoint for the payments agent, and that then acts as the A2A A2A and that then acts as the A2A A2A and that then acts as the A2A A2A server. So, across domains, across these server. So, across domains, across these server. So, across domains, across these bounded contexts, you have these API bounded contexts, you have these API bounded contexts, you have these API calls that are going from, you know, the calls that are going from, you know, the calls that are going from, you know, the A2A client in the order agent lambda A2A client in the order agent lambda A2A client in the order agent lambda function to the API Gateway endpoint in function to the API Gateway endpoint in function to the API Gateway endpoint in the payments agent. And again, as the payments agent. And again, as the payments agent. And again, as Dheeraj and then mentioned, if you want Dheeraj and then mentioned, if you want Dheeraj and then mentioned, if you want to make these internal tool calls, to make these internal tool calls, to make these internal tool calls, again, these can just be MCP calls from again, these can just be MCP calls from again, these can just be MCP calls from that each of the respective lambda that each of the respective lambda that each of the respective lambda functions. So, you can imagine the order functions. So, you can imagine the order functions. So, you can imagine the order function, I've written some of my code, function, I've written some of my code, function, I've written some of my code, the code that um Dheeraj was showing the code that um Dheeraj was showing the code that um Dheeraj was showing before in my lambda function has that before in my lambda function has that before in my lambda function has that MCP client, makes those tool calls uh MCP client, makes those tool calls uh MCP client, makes those tool calls uh within the order domain. Similarly, on within the order domain. Similarly, on within the order domain. Similarly, on the payments agent side as well. the payments agent side as well. the payments agent side as well. So, the nice thing is that we're going So, the nice thing is that we're going So, the nice thing is that we're going to be applying all of these serverless to be applying all of these serverless to be applying all of these serverless deployment capabilities and using those deployment capabilities and using those deployment capabilities and using those open standards that uh Dheeraj had open standards that uh Dheeraj had open standards that uh Dheeraj had already been talking about. already been talking about. already been talking about. So, uh we talked about all of the things So, uh we talked about all of the things So, uh we talked about all of the things that we already love on serverless. Um that we already love on serverless. Um that we already love on serverless. Um another option that you have then is, another option that you have then is, another option that you have then is, can we do this at a higher level of can we do this at a higher level of can we do this at a higher level of abstraction? Can we have some more fully abstraction? Can we have some more fully abstraction? Can we have some more fully managed services? And this is where managed services? And this is where managed services? And this is where Agent Core comes into the play, and Agent Core comes into the play, and Agent Core comes into the play, and we'll do a quick primer here. Again, we'll do a quick primer here. Again, we'll do a quick primer here. Again, there are going to be a lot more there are going to be a lot more there are going to be a lot more sessions here at re:Invent where you can sessions here at re:Invent where you can sessions here at re:Invent where you can go a lot deeper. Um there are kind of a go a lot deeper. Um there are kind of a go a lot deeper. Um there are kind of a a suite of services uh that are a suite of services uh that are a suite of services uh that are available to you to make the deployment available to you to make the deployment available to you to make the deployment of your agents easier. The first, of of your agents easier. The first, of of your agents easier. The first, of course, is Agent Core runtime. Agent course, is Agent Core runtime. Agent course, is Agent Core runtime. Agent Core runtime is really your serverless Core runtime is really your serverless Core runtime is really your serverless compute for running your agents. compute for running your agents. compute for running your agents. Um and this allows you to again again, Um and this allows you to again again, Um and this allows you to again again, bring any open source framework, again, bring any open source framework, again, bring any open source framework, again, Strands or otherwise. It can interact Strands or otherwise. It can interact Strands or otherwise. It can interact with any model. Again, we of course here with any model. Again, we of course here with any model. Again, we of course here prefer you to do it at Bedrock, but you prefer you to do it at Bedrock, but you prefer you to do it at Bedrock, but you can then choose any other uh provider can then choose any other uh provider can then choose any other uh provider for your uh for your models. for your uh for your models. for your uh for your models. There's then Agent Core Gateway. Perhaps There's then Agent Core Gateway. Perhaps There's then Agent Core Gateway. Perhaps a little bit analogous to API Gateway, a little bit analogous to API Gateway, a little bit analogous to API Gateway, but Agent Core Gateway is built but Agent Core Gateway is built but Agent Core Gateway is built specifically as a uh tool aggregator, specifically as a uh tool aggregator, specifically as a uh tool aggregator, right? And so, this becomes your similar right? And so, this becomes your similar right? And so, this becomes your similar with API Gateway, you used API Gateway with API Gateway, you used API Gateway with API Gateway, you used API Gateway as the front end for all of your APIs. as the front end for all of your APIs. as the front end for all of your APIs. Agent Core Gateway becomes the front end Agent Core Gateway becomes the front end Agent Core Gateway becomes the front end for all of your tools. for all of your tools. for all of your tools. So, it provides very similar So, it provides very similar So, it provides very similar capabilities around capabilities around capabilities around off and a lot of the that front end off and a lot of the that front end off and a lot of the that front end capability. It also allows you to do capability. It also allows you to do capability. It also allows you to do things as both public tools or private things as both public tools or private things as both public tools or private tools. So, a lot of those same tools. So, a lot of those same tools. So, a lot of those same capabilities that you expected out of capabilities that you expected out of capabilities that you expected out of API Gateway are there available in Agent API Gateway are there available in Agent API Gateway are there available in Agent Core Gateway. Core Gateway. Core Gateway. These are the some of the managed tools. These are the some of the managed tools. These are the some of the managed tools. So, again, Dheeraj showed us like the So, again, Dheeraj showed us like the So, again, Dheeraj showed us like the calculator tool example. calculator tool example. calculator tool example. Common use cases that we see for people Common use cases that we see for people Common use cases that we see for people who are building a Jetic applications who are building a Jetic applications who are building a Jetic applications and the type of tools that they need. and the type of tools that they need. and the type of tools that they need. Again, Dheeraj showed that browser one Again, Dheeraj showed that browser one Again, Dheeraj showed that browser one with the Denver Pub Breweries. with the Denver Pub Breweries. with the Denver Pub Breweries. But, also there's code interpreter. But, also there's code interpreter. But, also there's code interpreter. We've seen a lot of customers who say, We've seen a lot of customers who say, We've seen a lot of customers who say, "We're going to use these LLMs to "We're going to use these LLMs to "We're going to use these LLMs to actually generate code on my app on my actually generate code on my app on my actually generate code on my app on my behalf." However, given that this is behalf." However, given that this is behalf." However, given that this is generated code, it is untrusted code not generated code, it is untrusted code not generated code, it is untrusted code not written by your developers. You don't written by your developers. You don't written by your developers. You don't necessarily want to run this in your necessarily want to run this in your necessarily want to run this in your that has exposure to the rest of your that has exposure to the rest of your that has exposure to the rest of your production environment. So, we've seen a production environment. So, we've seen a production environment. So, we've seen a lot of our customers say, "We want to lot of our customers say, "We want to lot of our customers say, "We want to run untrusted code in a isolated run untrusted code in a isolated run untrusted code in a isolated environment that has no access to any of environment that has no access to any of environment that has no access to any of my other production data." Code my other production data." Code my other production data." Code interpreter is is a managed capability interpreter is is a managed capability interpreter is is a managed capability that gives you isolation of running that gives you isolation of running that gives you isolation of running untrusted code. untrusted code. untrusted code. So, those are just some of the managed So, those are just some of the managed So, those are just some of the managed tools that are available to you. tools that are available to you. tools that are available to you. Then, of course, there's Agent Core Then, of course, there's Agent Core Then, of course, there's Agent Core Identity. One of the biggest things that Identity. One of the biggest things that Identity. One of the biggest things that Dheeraj and I as we talked to our Dheeraj and I as we talked to our Dheeraj and I as we talked to our customers around agents and even MCP is customers around agents and even MCP is customers around agents and even MCP is around what are the security around what are the security around what are the security implications of building out these implications of building out these implications of building out these agents. How do we ensure that if if my agents. How do we ensure that if if my agents. How do we ensure that if if my customer support agent representative is customer support agent representative is customer support agent representative is making this request to my Jetic making this request to my Jetic making this request to my Jetic application and then is making application and then is making application and then is making downstream tool calls, how do I ensure downstream tool calls, how do I ensure downstream tool calls, how do I ensure that that agent is not elevating that that agent is not elevating that that agent is not elevating privileges, is not getting access to privileges, is not getting access to privileges, is not getting access to data that he or she should not have data that he or she should not have data that he or she should not have access to. And so, Agent Core Identity access to. And so, Agent Core Identity access to. And so, Agent Core Identity is one of those mechanisms that is one of those mechanisms that is one of those mechanisms that simplifies the chaining of these calls simplifies the chaining of these calls simplifies the chaining of these calls so that so that so that the original principle or the original the original principle or the original the original principle or the original user making these calls, And identity user making these calls, And identity user making these calls, And identity uh, uh, uh, or that the those permissions are or that the those permissions are or that the those permissions are propagated down, even down to the tool propagated down, even down to the tool propagated down, even down to the tool calls. calls. calls. Uh, and then, of course, we didn't We're Uh, and then, of course, we didn't We're Uh, and then, of course, we didn't We're not going to cover this in much depth, not going to cover this in much depth, not going to cover this in much depth, but as you continue to build out these but as you continue to build out these but as you continue to build out these agentic applications, uh, what we're agentic applications, uh, what we're agentic applications, uh, what we're starting to see is, you know, we talked starting to see is, you know, we talked starting to see is, you know, we talked a bunch about how do we provide context a bunch about how do we provide context a bunch about how do we provide context to the framework? How do you ensure that to the framework? How do you ensure that to the framework? How do you ensure that it has the appropriate level of data? it has the appropriate level of data? it has the appropriate level of data? Well, there's also that chat Well, there's also that chat Well, there's also that chat interaction, um, that you have with your interaction, um, that you have with your interaction, um, that you have with your agentic application. So, you can agentic application. So, you can agentic application. So, you can imagine, I'm a customer support imagine, I'm a customer support imagine, I'm a customer support representative, you know, Higgy just uh, representative, you know, Higgy just uh, representative, you know, Higgy just uh, gave this, um, gave this, um, gave this, um, this support ticket around, you know, this support ticket around, you know, this support ticket around, you know, this order that was, uh, double charged, this order that was, uh, double charged, this order that was, uh, double charged, did not ship all my items, and I need it did not ship all my items, and I need it did not ship all my items, and I need it by tomorrow. You can imagine, perhaps I by tomorrow. You can imagine, perhaps I by tomorrow. You can imagine, perhaps I had a prior, uh, support session where I had a prior, uh, support session where I had a prior, uh, support session where I was talking about, uh, an issue I had was talking about, uh, an issue I had was talking about, uh, an issue I had perhaps with payments. Maybe there was perhaps with payments. Maybe there was perhaps with payments. Maybe there was an an issue with my credit card. You can an an issue with my credit card. You can an an issue with my credit card. You can imagine some of that information may be imagine some of that information may be imagine some of that information may be relevant for this newer, well, now it's relevant for this newer, well, now it's relevant for this newer, well, now it's present, but it could have been a present, but it could have been a present, but it could have been a future, uh, interaction. So, these are future, uh, interaction. So, these are future, uh, interaction. So, these are interactions we may want to save and interactions we may want to save and interactions we may want to save and store, where we can do things like store, where we can do things like store, where we can do things like short-term and long-term memory, in short-term and long-term memory, in short-term and long-term memory, in order to enhance that personalization order to enhance that personalization order to enhance that personalization experience, uh, with these, uh, experience, uh, with these, uh, experience, uh, with these, uh, different end user, uh, interactions. different end user, uh, interactions. different end user, uh, interactions. And of course, as you can imagine, with And of course, as you can imagine, with And of course, as you can imagine, with any of these, um, any of these, um, any of these, um, capabilities, we want to make sure that capabilities, we want to make sure that capabilities, we want to make sure that observability is tied into this entire observability is tied into this entire observability is tied into this entire stack. And so, this is where we stack. And so, this is where we stack. And so, this is where we standardize on Hotel Open Telemetry standardize on Hotel Open Telemetry standardize on Hotel Open Telemetry format to ensure that your traces, format to ensure that your traces, format to ensure that your traces, metrics, and logs are all shipped in a metrics, and logs are all shipped in a metrics, and logs are all shipped in a way that can be ingested into your, uh, way that can be ingested into your, uh, way that can be ingested into your, uh, enterprise observability capabilities. enterprise observability capabilities. enterprise observability capabilities. So, this is the quick overview of what So, this is the quick overview of what So, this is the quick overview of what Agent Core allows you to do. What we're Agent Core allows you to do. What we're Agent Core allows you to do. What we're going to do is we're going to spend a going to do is we're going to spend a going to do is we're going to spend a little bit more time, uh, on Agent Core little bit more time, uh, on Agent Core little bit more time, uh, on Agent Core Runtime and Gateway as serverless Runtime and Gateway as serverless Runtime and Gateway as serverless options for running your agents and your options for running your agents and your options for running your agents and your MCP servers. MCP servers. MCP servers. Um, so, similar to the deployment Um, so, similar to the deployment Um, so, similar to the deployment patterns here, fortunately, with Agent patterns here, fortunately, with Agent patterns here, fortunately, with Agent Core Runtime, you have the same Core Runtime, you have the same Core Runtime, you have the same deployment capabilities. So, again, in deployment capabilities. So, again, in deployment capabilities. So, again, in your organization, if you've built, uh, your organization, if you've built, uh, your organization, if you've built, uh, a lot of your, uh, CI capabilities a lot of your, uh, CI capabilities a lot of your, uh, CI capabilities around deploying to Lambda functions as around deploying to Lambda functions as around deploying to Lambda functions as zip artifacts, you can leverage those zip artifacts, you can leverage those zip artifacts, you can leverage those same deployment pipelines in order to be same deployment pipelines in order to be same deployment pipelines in order to be able to deploy zip artifacts to Agent able to deploy zip artifacts to Agent able to deploy zip artifacts to Agent Core runtime. Again, the same would Core runtime. Again, the same would Core runtime. Again, the same would apply if you're doing this based on apply if you're doing this based on apply if you're doing this based on containers. containers. containers. Similarly, if you are building out uh Similarly, if you are building out uh Similarly, if you are building out uh MCP servers, I know that there are a lot MCP servers, I know that there are a lot MCP servers, I know that there are a lot of uh folks that are out there uh either of uh folks that are out there uh either of uh folks that are out there uh either consuming existing public MCP servers or consuming existing public MCP servers or consuming existing public MCP servers or saying, "I have a bunch of internal saying, "I have a bunch of internal saying, "I have a bunch of internal data." Um and they're saying, "I want to data." Um and they're saying, "I want to data." Um and they're saying, "I want to be able to expose this data. Maybe the I be able to expose this data. Maybe the I be able to expose this data. Maybe the I want to build out an Agentic uh data want to build out an Agentic uh data want to build out an Agentic uh data platform that allows uh you know, platform that allows uh you know, platform that allows uh you know, certain enterprise data to be exposed to certain enterprise data to be exposed to certain enterprise data to be exposed to these agents internally in order to be these agents internally in order to be these agents internally in order to be able to give good internal use cases." able to give good internal use cases." able to give good internal use cases." Um this could be something where you Um this could be something where you Um this could be something where you build out uh an MCP server on top of build out uh an MCP server on top of build out uh an MCP server on top of data. Again, we want to ensure that data. Again, we want to ensure that data. Again, we want to ensure that security uh is implemented in a way that security uh is implemented in a way that security uh is implemented in a way that protects that data so that there's not protects that data so that there's not protects that data so that there's not any uh privilege escalation or exposure any uh privilege escalation or exposure any uh privilege escalation or exposure of data to entities that should not have of data to entities that should not have of data to entities that should not have uh access to that data. Uh and then you uh access to that data. Uh and then you uh access to that data. Uh and then you could again deploy these MCP servers could again deploy these MCP servers could again deploy these MCP servers into Agent Core runtime. into Agent Core runtime. into Agent Core runtime. Uh similarly, as we talked about with Uh similarly, as we talked about with Uh similarly, as we talked about with Agent Core Gateway, again, Gateway Agent Core Gateway, again, Gateway Agent Core Gateway, again, Gateway becomes that front end for all of your becomes that front end for all of your becomes that front end for all of your tool capabilities. So again, in your tool capabilities. So again, in your tool capabilities. So again, in your organization, you may have lambda organization, you may have lambda organization, you may have lambda functions already built with some amount functions already built with some amount functions already built with some amount of business logic that you want to then of business logic that you want to then of business logic that you want to then expose that business logic uh as a tool expose that business logic uh as a tool expose that business logic uh as a tool call to your agents. Well, you don't call to your agents. Well, you don't call to your agents. Well, you don't actually need to do anything with that actually need to do anything with that actually need to do anything with that lambda function. You don't need to like lambda function. You don't need to like lambda function. You don't need to like refactor it to make it a tool. You can refactor it to make it a tool. You can refactor it to make it a tool. You can actually put Agent Core Gateway in front actually put Agent Core Gateway in front actually put Agent Core Gateway in front of it uh and provide it with some of it uh and provide it with some of it uh and provide it with some additional metadata. So when you're additional metadata. So when you're additional metadata. So when you're putting Agent Core Gateway in front of a putting Agent Core Gateway in front of a putting Agent Core Gateway in front of a lambda function, you provide it with lambda function, you provide it with lambda function, you provide it with that description that D. Raja showed that description that D. Raja showed that description that D. Raja showed before uh the tool description, and then before uh the tool description, and then before uh the tool description, and then uh that will then get passed uh as part uh that will then get passed uh as part uh that will then get passed uh as part of that uh tool list to the agent. So of that uh tool list to the agent. So of that uh tool list to the agent. So now the agent has information about this now the agent has information about this now the agent has information about this particular lambda function and whether particular lambda function and whether particular lambda function and whether or not it needs to be invoked. or not it needs to be invoked. or not it needs to be invoked. Similarly, if you have open API schemas, Similarly, if you have open API schemas, Similarly, if you have open API schemas, right? So again, lots of folks in this right? So again, lots of folks in this right? So again, lots of folks in this uh room, I imagine you're building out uh room, I imagine you're building out uh room, I imagine you're building out your microservices strategy. You've your microservices strategy. You've your microservices strategy. You've defined your APIs using open API schema, defined your APIs using open API schema, defined your APIs using open API schema, you can then import those open API you can then import those open API you can then import those open API schemas and they can then be exposed as schemas and they can then be exposed as schemas and they can then be exposed as tools via agent core gateway. tools via agent core gateway. tools via agent core gateway. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, now we go back to that example where So, now we go back to that example where So, now we go back to that example where we were doing this before with API we were doing this before with API we were doing this before with API Gateway and Lambda where maybe that Gateway and Lambda where maybe that Gateway and Lambda where maybe that Lambda function was my A2A client and Lambda function was my A2A client and Lambda function was my A2A client and maybe my API Gateway was exposing that maybe my API Gateway was exposing that maybe my API Gateway was exposing that that A2A server. Well, in this scenario that A2A server. Well, in this scenario that A2A server. Well, in this scenario now we can replace some of those now we can replace some of those now we can replace some of those serverless capabilities with agent core serverless capabilities with agent core serverless capabilities with agent core runtime and agent core gateway. So, runtime and agent core gateway. So, runtime and agent core gateway. So, we're trying to make this simpler and we're trying to make this simpler and we're trying to make this simpler and the nice thing here then is with both the nice thing here then is with both the nice thing here then is with both the the A2A calls across the agents but the the A2A calls across the agents but the the A2A calls across the agents but also the the MCP calls within the agent, also the the MCP calls within the agent, also the the MCP calls within the agent, we actually do a lot of the the the we actually do a lot of the the the we actually do a lot of the the the security capabilities with agent core security capabilities with agent core security capabilities with agent core identity. So, I spent a lot of time identity. So, I spent a lot of time identity. So, I spent a lot of time talking to customers around how do we do talking to customers around how do we do talking to customers around how do we do OAuth 2, you know, with my MCP tool OAuth 2, you know, with my MCP tool OAuth 2, you know, with my MCP tool calls and how do I scope that down to calls and how do I scope that down to calls and how do I scope that down to make sure that make sure that make sure that you know, the end user request with the you know, the end user request with the you know, the end user request with the certain set of scopes can only make certain set of scopes can only make certain set of scopes can only make these tool calls. Similarly with A2A these tool calls. Similarly with A2A these tool calls. Similarly with A2A calls, when we're making a call out to a calls, when we're making a call out to a calls, when we're making a call out to a different agent, we want to ensure that different agent, we want to ensure that different agent, we want to ensure that we're using the right IDP, the identity we're using the right IDP, the identity we're using the right IDP, the identity provider, and making sure those OAuth 2 provider, and making sure those OAuth 2 provider, and making sure those OAuth 2 flows are implemented throughout that flows are implemented throughout that flows are implemented throughout that process. So, you know, agent core what process. So, you know, agent core what process. So, you know, agent core what we're trying to do with this service is we're trying to do with this service is we're trying to do with this service is to make a lot of these to make a lot of these to make a lot of these capabilities more fully managed. Again, capabilities more fully managed. Again, capabilities more fully managed. Again, in this audience you guys love in this audience you guys love in this audience you guys love serverless, we're trying to give you serverless, we're trying to give you serverless, we're trying to give you that serverless experience as you're that serverless experience as you're that serverless experience as you're building out your agents and your MCP building out your agents and your MCP building out your agents and your MCP capabilities. capabilities. capabilities. Okay. So, Okay. So, Okay. So, we covered a a bunch of these practical we covered a a bunch of these practical we covered a a bunch of these practical deployment patterns. Now, we want to deployment patterns. Now, we want to deployment patterns. Now, we want to think through again I had that earlier think through again I had that earlier think through again I had that earlier slide of how do we start to decompose slide of how do we start to decompose slide of how do we start to decompose perhaps that monolithic agent and go out perhaps that monolithic agent and go out perhaps that monolithic agent and go out to these multi-agent systems. Dhiraj to these multi-agent systems. Dhiraj to these multi-agent systems. Dhiraj talked about using these open protocols talked about using these open protocols talked about using these open protocols in order to be able to have in order to be able to have in order to be able to have the different communication patterns and the different communication patterns and the different communication patterns and then Dhiraj also talked about some of then Dhiraj also talked about some of then Dhiraj also talked about some of these EDA patterns. So, let's think these EDA patterns. So, let's think these EDA patterns. So, let's think through that a little bit more through that a little bit more through that a little bit more as we get close to wrapping up. So, we as we get close to wrapping up. So, we as we get close to wrapping up. So, we have these decomposed agents, orders, have these decomposed agents, orders, have these decomposed agents, orders, inventory, payment support agent. Uh inventory, payment support agent. Uh inventory, payment support agent. Uh we've talked about different deployment we've talked about different deployment we've talked about different deployment patterns. So, maybe some of these maybe patterns. So, maybe some of these maybe patterns. So, maybe some of these maybe one line of business likes using ALB and one line of business likes using ALB and one line of business likes using ALB and Fargate. Another line of business likes Fargate. Another line of business likes Fargate. Another line of business likes our API Gateway Lambda. And maybe our API Gateway Lambda. And maybe our API Gateway Lambda. And maybe another group is like, "Hey, we're going another group is like, "Hey, we're going another group is like, "Hey, we're going to kind of cut our teeth on Agent Core." to kind of cut our teeth on Agent Core." to kind of cut our teeth on Agent Core." And so again, you can make your choices And so again, you can make your choices And so again, you can make your choices about where you want to deploy these. about where you want to deploy these. about where you want to deploy these. We also talked about uh this uh We also talked about uh this uh We also talked about uh this uh orchestration, right? And so, those orchestration, right? And so, those orchestration, right? And so, those three common problems. So, the first three common problems. So, the first three common problems. So, the first might be that a double charge. Again, might be that a double charge. Again, might be that a double charge. Again, perhaps you could have just solved this perhaps you could have just solved this perhaps you could have just solved this by just doing better unit integration by just doing better unit integration by just doing better unit integration testing and rooting out the testing and rooting out the testing and rooting out the the root cause in those serverless APIs. the root cause in those serverless APIs. the root cause in those serverless APIs. But also, you can then uh But also, you can then uh But also, you can then uh augment and create an agent that is able augment and create an agent that is able augment and create an agent that is able to do some of that root cause analysis to do some of that root cause analysis to do some of that root cause analysis on your behalf. on your behalf. on your behalf. Similarly, uh for the uh the order that Similarly, uh for the uh the order that Similarly, uh for the uh the order that included two items and only shipped with included two items and only shipped with included two items and only shipped with one, maybe you're going to actually make one, maybe you're going to actually make one, maybe you're going to actually make a call out to the orders agent and go a call out to the orders agent and go a call out to the orders agent and go and try to make a determination as to and try to make a determination as to and try to make a determination as to why it didn't ship. It may also even why it didn't ship. It may also even why it didn't ship. It may also even talk to the inventory agent. Maybe it'll talk to the inventory agent. Maybe it'll talk to the inventory agent. Maybe it'll go and say, "Actually, we there was some go and say, "Actually, we there was some go and say, "Actually, we there was some race condition where the the the front race condition where the the the front race condition where the the the front end exposed the fact that we had one end exposed the fact that we had one end exposed the fact that we had one item left, but actually the reality was item left, but actually the reality was item left, but actually the reality was that item had already shipped and we that item had already shipped and we that item had already shipped and we actually were out of inventory. Maybe actually were out of inventory. Maybe actually were out of inventory. Maybe there was some type of race condition." there was some type of race condition." there was some type of race condition." So, this type of orchestration can then So, this type of orchestration can then So, this type of orchestration can then actually be done all by this actually be done all by this actually be done all by this orchestrator agent. So, now again, we orchestrator agent. So, now again, we orchestrator agent. So, now again, we talked about those challenges of your talked about those challenges of your talked about those challenges of your customer support agent who wants to get customer support agent who wants to get customer support agent who wants to get faster response time, wants to be able faster response time, wants to be able faster response time, wants to be able to resolve this issue in a quicker way to resolve this issue in a quicker way to resolve this issue in a quicker way without having to do a lot of manual without having to do a lot of manual without having to do a lot of manual work across a lot of different work across a lot of different work across a lot of different dashboards. Well, this orchestrator dashboards. Well, this orchestrator dashboards. Well, this orchestrator agent can actually do a lot of this on agent can actually do a lot of this on agent can actually do a lot of this on your behalf and will actually simplify your behalf and will actually simplify your behalf and will actually simplify that and get you that better customer that and get you that better customer that and get you that better customer experience. experience. experience. And as Dheeraj talked about, maybe And as Dheeraj talked about, maybe And as Dheeraj talked about, maybe instead of a an interactive customer instead of a an interactive customer instead of a an interactive customer support session, you could be in a support session, you could be in a support session, you could be in a scenario where maybe this is actually a scenario where maybe this is actually a scenario where maybe this is actually a retail planning exercise where Or you're retail planning exercise where Or you're retail planning exercise where Or you're doing doing doing quarterly purchasing decisioning where quarterly purchasing decisioning where quarterly purchasing decisioning where you actually want to make a you actually want to make a you actually want to make a determination how much inventory do we determination how much inventory do we determination how much inventory do we need to buy across different categories. need to buy across different categories. need to buy across different categories. We just went through Black Friday but We just went through Black Friday but We just went through Black Friday but now we're going into the Christmas now we're going into the Christmas now we're going into the Christmas shopping period. What type of inventory? shopping period. What type of inventory? shopping period. What type of inventory? So this could be something now where you So this could be something now where you So this could be something now where you build out this planning agent. Maybe build out this planning agent. Maybe build out this planning agent. Maybe this is actually an async agent going this is actually an async agent going this is actually an async agent going and working in the background and saying and working in the background and saying and working in the background and saying we're going to go and collect data from we're going to go and collect data from we're going to go and collect data from a variety of different data sources a variety of different data sources a variety of different data sources and actually we're going to do this and actually we're going to do this and actually we're going to do this using some of the async patterns that using some of the async patterns that using some of the async patterns that Dheeraj talked about before where we can Dheeraj talked about before where we can Dheeraj talked about before where we can actually fire off. Maybe we're going to actually fire off. Maybe we're going to actually fire off. Maybe we're going to go and do research in our inventory go and do research in our inventory go and do research in our inventory database. We're going to do some database. We're going to do some database. We're going to do some analysis on what is the history of order analysis on what is the history of order analysis on what is the history of order pattern over the last 36 months or the pattern over the last 36 months or the pattern over the last 36 months or the last 48 months. last 48 months. last 48 months. And then we're going to actually collate And then we're going to actually collate And then we're going to actually collate that with maybe different orders that with maybe different orders that with maybe different orders information. And so we can start to get information. And so we can start to get information. And so we can start to get and build out some of these reports that and build out some of these reports that and build out some of these reports that maybe your inventory planning or your maybe your inventory planning or your maybe your inventory planning or your retail planning team can then leverage. retail planning team can then leverage. retail planning team can then leverage. The other benefit here again as Dheeraj The other benefit here again as Dheeraj The other benefit here again as Dheeraj talked about then is that you can talked about then is that you can talked about then is that you can imagine maybe some of these agents have imagine maybe some of these agents have imagine maybe some of these agents have different scaling requirements. Maybe different scaling requirements. Maybe different scaling requirements. Maybe the inventory agent is one that is far the inventory agent is one that is far the inventory agent is one that is far busier and maybe that actually needs to busier and maybe that actually needs to busier and maybe that actually needs to scale out far more rapidly whereas maybe scale out far more rapidly whereas maybe scale out far more rapidly whereas maybe the support agent maybe you actually the support agent maybe you actually the support agent maybe you actually built your system so well that your the built your system so well that your the built your system so well that your the number of support requests is actually number of support requests is actually number of support requests is actually reducing. And so maybe that's something reducing. And so maybe that's something reducing. And so maybe that's something that doesn't need to scale as rapidly. that doesn't need to scale as rapidly. that doesn't need to scale as rapidly. And so this allows you to then similar And so this allows you to then similar And so this allows you to then similar with the microservices world scale your with the microservices world scale your with the microservices world scale your resources based on wherever the resources based on wherever the resources based on wherever the requirements may be. requirements may be. requirements may be. Okay. So let's talk Okay. So let's talk Okay. So let's talk a little bit about pros and cons of some a little bit about pros and cons of some a little bit about pros and cons of some of these different architectural of these different architectural of these different architectural patterns that we've been talking through patterns that we've been talking through patterns that we've been talking through here. So if we start with that single here. So if we start with that single here. So if we start with that single agent architecture agent architecture agent architecture again similar with monoliths it's just again similar with monoliths it's just again similar with monoliths it's just easier to develop. It's easier to debug. easier to develop. It's easier to debug. easier to develop. It's easier to debug. You get clearer reasoning traces You get clearer reasoning traces You get clearer reasoning traces and possibly I say possibly fewer and possibly I say possibly fewer and possibly I say possibly fewer compute resources. Again the idea being compute resources. Again the idea being compute resources. Again the idea being that that that because I don't need to make these because I don't need to make these because I don't need to make these network calls I don't need to do a lot network calls I don't need to do a lot network calls I don't need to do a lot of waiting etc. of waiting etc. of waiting etc. These might be certain benefits. It just These might be certain benefits. It just These might be certain benefits. It just is simpler to be able to build out these is simpler to be able to build out these is simpler to be able to build out these capabilities. capabilities. capabilities. However for those that are already However for those that are already However for those that are already experimenting, you're probably aware experimenting, you're probably aware experimenting, you're probably aware when you're interacting with LLMs, there when you're interacting with LLMs, there when you're interacting with LLMs, there is this notion of a context window. That is this notion of a context window. That is this notion of a context window. That data that we've been collecting and data that we've been collecting and data that we've been collecting and enhancing that prompt with is a finite enhancing that prompt with is a finite enhancing that prompt with is a finite amount of data that we can provide to amount of data that we can provide to amount of data that we can provide to these LLMs. So, you may have heard of these LLMs. So, you may have heard of these LLMs. So, you may have heard of there there are some models at this there there are some models at this there there are some models at this point that can handle a million token uh point that can handle a million token uh point that can handle a million token uh context windows. And so, you could put context windows. And so, you could put context windows. And so, you could put in theory exceed that context window and in theory exceed that context window and in theory exceed that context window and uh you would then have to do some work uh you would then have to do some work uh you would then have to do some work around compressing whatever information around compressing whatever information around compressing whatever information that you want to provide to that that you want to provide to that that you want to provide to that context. context. context. The other challenge is if you put too The other challenge is if you put too The other challenge is if you put too much context that is not relevant to much context that is not relevant to much context that is not relevant to that particular request, you may be in a that particular request, you may be in a that particular request, you may be in a scenario where it takes longer for the scenario where it takes longer for the scenario where it takes longer for the LLM to respond and is actually more LLM to respond and is actually more LLM to respond and is actually more expensive than it need be. And so, this expensive than it need be. And so, this expensive than it need be. And so, this is where you may want to start thinking is where you may want to start thinking is where you may want to start thinking about do we want to decompose into these about do we want to decompose into these about do we want to decompose into these finer-grained uh smaller agents that finer-grained uh smaller agents that finer-grained uh smaller agents that have uh maybe they're going to be faster have uh maybe they're going to be faster have uh maybe they're going to be faster and actually perhaps cheaper to run with and actually perhaps cheaper to run with and actually perhaps cheaper to run with these models. these models. these models. So, there are a couple of multi-agent So, there are a couple of multi-agent So, there are a couple of multi-agent patterns that we're seeing some of our patterns that we're seeing some of our patterns that we're seeing some of our customers build out. So, the first is customers build out. So, the first is customers build out. So, the first is this this serialized pipeline. So, this this this serialized pipeline. So, this this this serialized pipeline. So, this could be something like we're doing a could be something like we're doing a could be something like we're doing a content generation, right? So, you can content generation, right? So, you can content generation, right? So, you can imagine in content generation, you're imagine in content generation, you're imagine in content generation, you're going to do some amount of research. going to do some amount of research. going to do some amount of research. You're going to then maybe build out a You're going to then maybe build out a You're going to then maybe build out a draft and then you're going to maybe draft and then you're going to maybe draft and then you're going to maybe build out a final um build out a final um build out a final um maybe a final production copy and then maybe a final production copy and then maybe a final production copy and then maybe you're going to do some uh maybe you're going to do some uh maybe you're going to do some uh feedback loops. feedback loops. feedback loops. Um you can imagine this is a scenario Um you can imagine this is a scenario Um you can imagine this is a scenario where where where uh uh uh this is just simple to model. I I this is just simple to model. I I this is just simple to model. I I realize I'm running out of time here. realize I'm running out of time here. realize I'm running out of time here. So, I'm going to speed up along. Um but So, I'm going to speed up along. Um but So, I'm going to speed up along. Um but there are downsides. Similar to there are downsides. Similar to there are downsides. Similar to Christmas lights, if there is a problem Christmas lights, if there is a problem Christmas lights, if there is a problem at one point in the stage, you can at one point in the stage, you can at one point in the stage, you can actually end up bottlenecking there. actually end up bottlenecking there. actually end up bottlenecking there. The next is the orchestrator pattern The next is the orchestrator pattern The next is the orchestrator pattern which we've already talked about kind of which we've already talked about kind of which we've already talked about kind of at length here. This allows you to do at length here. This allows you to do at length here. This allows you to do decomposition, allows you to actually decomposition, allows you to actually decomposition, allows you to actually orchestrate some of these patterns. orchestrate some of these patterns. orchestrate some of these patterns. Um but again, there is some Um but again, there is some Um but again, there is some communication overhead as we I just communication overhead as we I just communication overhead as we I just mentioned. And then the last pattern mentioned. And then the last pattern mentioned. And then the last pattern here is around a swarm architecture, here is around a swarm architecture, here is around a swarm architecture, right? And so, the idea here is you may right? And so, the idea here is you may right? And so, the idea here is you may have a scenario where you want to do have a scenario where you want to do have a scenario where you want to do actually uh broad research. You don't actually uh broad research. You don't actually uh broad research. You don't have a finite path to that end result, have a finite path to that end result, have a finite path to that end result, where you maybe actually want to send where you maybe actually want to send where you maybe actually want to send out a large number of agents or a number out a large number of agents or a number out a large number of agents or a number of agents to go and do research in of agents to go and do research in of agents to go and do research in parallel. It's kind of like the parallel. It's kind of like the parallel. It's kind of like the scatter-gather pattern, where you're scatter-gather pattern, where you're scatter-gather pattern, where you're going to go out and do research, you're going to go out and do research, you're going to go out and do research, you're going to bring that back and try to going to bring that back and try to going to bring that back and try to synthesize what a number of these uh synthesize what a number of these uh synthesize what a number of these uh agents have done. The challenge here agents have done. The challenge here agents have done. The challenge here though is that uh in this type of swarm though is that uh in this type of swarm though is that uh in this type of swarm architecture, it is a lot more difficult architecture, it is a lot more difficult architecture, it is a lot more difficult to reason about some of the behavior uh to reason about some of the behavior uh to reason about some of the behavior uh and it is somewhat harder. So, again, and it is somewhat harder. So, again, and it is somewhat harder. So, again, make sure that your make sure that your make sure that your um your use case aligns to whichever um your use case aligns to whichever um your use case aligns to whichever pattern makes the most sense. Again, I pattern makes the most sense. Again, I pattern makes the most sense. Again, I realize I'm coming up on time. I'll just realize I'm coming up on time. I'll just realize I'm coming up on time. I'll just skip through the last one. We talked a skip through the last one. We talked a skip through the last one. We talked a little bit about security. So, this is little bit about security. So, this is little bit about security. So, this is one where you want to build out your one where you want to build out your one where you want to build out your agents in a way that propagates uh agents in a way that propagates uh agents in a way that propagates uh security context appropriately. You also security context appropriately. You also security context appropriately. You also want to make sure that you are uh want to make sure that you are uh want to make sure that you are uh have steps along the way where have steps along the way where have steps along the way where uh as a end user comes into the agent, uh as a end user comes into the agent, uh as a end user comes into the agent, the agent comes into the MCP server, and the agent comes into the MCP server, and the agent comes into the MCP server, and the MCP server makes the the downstream the MCP server makes the the downstream the MCP server makes the the downstream API calls, you want to make sure that API calls, you want to make sure that API calls, you want to make sure that those are all separate set of tokens. those are all separate set of tokens. those are all separate set of tokens. You don't want to use the same token You don't want to use the same token You don't want to use the same token throughout. throughout. throughout. And of course, with governance, And of course, with governance, And of course, with governance, uh you want to make sure that you are uh you want to make sure that you are uh you want to make sure that you are using the same type of governance using the same type of governance using the same type of governance policies, mechanisms that you're policies, mechanisms that you're policies, mechanisms that you're deploying into production um deploying into production um deploying into production um that you've already been using. All that you've already been using. All that you've already been using. All right. So, just a couple of takeaways as right. So, just a couple of takeaways as right. So, just a couple of takeaways as we try to wrap up here. Um so, a lot of we try to wrap up here. Um so, a lot of we try to wrap up here. Um so, a lot of the the things that you've already been the the things that you've already been the the things that you've already been doing with serverless APIs in doing with serverless APIs in doing with serverless APIs in production, you can actually continue to production, you can actually continue to production, you can actually continue to apply those as you're building out uh apply those as you're building out uh apply those as you're building out uh agents into production as well. Um you agents into production as well. Um you agents into production as well. Um you want to use agents in a way that uh want to use agents in a way that uh want to use agents in a way that uh really bridges data and gleans insight really bridges data and gleans insight really bridges data and gleans insight uh out of that information. Again, you uh out of that information. Again, you uh out of that information. Again, you don't want to use this kind of as this don't want to use this kind of as this don't want to use this kind of as this low-level shim across your data. Uh you low-level shim across your data. Uh you low-level shim across your data. Uh you want to use this as higher-order insight want to use this as higher-order insight want to use this as higher-order insight gathering. gathering. gathering. Uh and serverless again can be a way to Uh and serverless again can be a way to Uh and serverless again can be a way to accelerate uh your path to production. accelerate uh your path to production. accelerate uh your path to production. And of course, uh as we talked about, a And of course, uh as we talked about, a And of course, uh as we talked about, a lot of these patterns then allow you to lot of these patterns then allow you to lot of these patterns then allow you to scale your agents um as you build out scale your agents um as you build out scale your agents um as you build out your particular use cases. Again, there your particular use cases. Again, there your particular use cases. Again, there there are a number of um key there are a number of um key there are a number of um key considerations. I think we're out of considerations. I think we're out of considerations. I think we're out of time at this point, but uh certainly time at this point, but uh certainly time at this point, but uh certainly just make sure that you're documenting just make sure that you're documenting just make sure that you're documenting along the way. Uh build and be scrappy along the way. Uh build and be scrappy along the way. Uh build and be scrappy uh and then again document and provide uh and then again document and provide uh and then again document and provide feedback so that your internal platform feedback so that your internal platform feedback so that your internal platform teams, your internal developer teams are teams, your internal developer teams are teams, your internal developer teams are able to learn from the things that you able to learn from the things that you able to learn from the things that you are learning within your organization. are learning within your organization. are learning within your organization. We do have a number of resources. Again, We do have a number of resources. Again, We do have a number of resources. Again, you can take a quick picture of that one you can take a quick picture of that one you can take a quick picture of that one and find that afterwards. Um there are a and find that afterwards. Um there are a and find that afterwards. Um there are a number of other sessions that we want to number of other sessions that we want to number of other sessions that we want to encourage you to to participate in. And encourage you to to participate in. And encourage you to to participate in. And so, these are some of the other ones so, these are some of the other ones so, these are some of the other ones that we recommend you go and check check that we recommend you go and check check that we recommend you go and check check out. And of course, there are other out. And of course, there are other out. And of course, there are other serverless resources. This deck will be serverless resources. This deck will be serverless resources. This deck will be provided afterwards as well. So, I I provided afterwards as well. So, I I provided afterwards as well. So, I I recognize that a bunch of people trying recognize that a bunch of people trying recognize that a bunch of people trying to take pictures. to take pictures. to take pictures. Uh and again, Dhiraj and I do want to Uh and again, Dhiraj and I do want to Uh and again, Dhiraj and I do want to thank you. You can find our socials here thank you. You can find our socials here thank you. You can find our socials here so you can connect with us afterwards. so you can connect with us afterwards. so you can connect with us afterwards. &gt;&gt; Thank you, everyone. &gt;&gt; Thank you, everyone. &gt;&gt; Thank you, everyone. &gt;&gt; And we uh thank you. Please do fill out &gt;&gt; And we uh thank you. Please do fill out &gt;&gt; And we uh thank you. Please do fill out the survey. We appreciate it.
